"My old brush got all smashed together and had this sort of bald spot in the middle and could no longer reach a spot in the bottom of my coffee cup, so I bought this one.  I wanted to like it, but it's so soft that it doesn't really scrub the spot on my coffee cup either.", "the other brushes we've tried were too hard and didn't offer enough flex to really clean. These bristles are perfect and get our bottles and sippy cups much cleaner.", "I have stopped buying cheap brushes, they don't do the job and I have to buy them often. The OXO brushes do what I ask and last a very long time. Will continue to invest in good cleaning supplies bc I will be cleaning till I die", 'Just what I expected, great product that is really nice on the hand and easy to use. This thing shourld', "We bought this brush initially to clean baby bottles, but it fast became our go to brush for cleaning anything tall & round  (water bottles, travel coffee mugs, glasses, vases).  Bristles are soft so they won't scratch or damage anything, but powerful enough to also get things clean.  We love the flexible neck too as we can clean things that are slightly curved and this brush doesn't get stuck in anything!  Love it!", "This does a great job of washing the inside of bottles. The slightly flexible neck and bristles at the top make it very effective at its job. Only thing is sometimes it's tricky getting little food particles from between the bristles when you're finished cleaning (it can look kind of gross!)", "It's a good sturdy brush, bends well, fits in what I need it for, but the bristles are only slightly rougher than a generic bottle brush. I use it clean glass bottles I fill with juice (from a juicer), and it doesn't get anything stuck on. It also stains easy. However, the grip is comfortable and it's a good length for 16oz glass bottles, and if you can find a different way to get things unstuck, it works just fine. I just wish it was rougher and a little longer wouldn't hurt. It does the job but aside from real sturdiness it's not much better than a generic brush.", 'Got this for cleaning out sport bottles and stainless thermal coffee cups.  Flexible.  The bristles are not very dense and the bristle material is very light.  This is NOT a scrub brush, and I actually have concerns about how long the lightweight nylon bristles will hold up over time, but this gets the job done.  The brush will fit into anything the width of the wand portion at the top, because the bristles are so soft, they flatten out and flow (almost like wet hair...).', 'I use this brush everyday. I use it to clean out thermos, the coffee pot, canning jars anything that needs cleaning. Wish I had purchased a second. One day I will get on here and remember to buy myself a couple of spares.', 'it is a good brush for bottles and hard to clean stuff.only downside I found is the end flattens out quickly so if you need to scrub the bottom of something hard, you will need something else after a few uses with this.', 'After trying anther more expensive bottle brush that had a weak handle that made it hard to clean with, I was very pleased to find this one does not have that problem.  It is about a foot long, with a nice rubber grip and a very strong handle and quality construction, Soft bristles that clean well.  Overall very good and a great value.', "This brush fits into bottles very easily, and does a really good job for things that are not dried on, it's not quite as effective for gunkier/dried on things, but filling the bottle with water and letting it soak first helps.", "Works well but I wish it's bristles were a touch harder and there were more of them. But it does work pretty well anyway.", "I bought this brush to clean out the back of my coffee maker as well as my soda stream bottles.  It does the trick - collapses down to get into corners and into the bottles and then fans right back out.  Certainly does the trick.  I just keep it in my dishwasher and pull it out when I'm cleaning those hard to clean items.", "I give it 4 stars because I feel like it should be a little stiffer.  It cleans the bottle and the shaft is the right length but I just don't get the scrub action I like.", 'I put tea in my metal water bottles and the residue builds up rapidly.  Just rinsing doesn&#8217;t help and I decided I&#8217;d purchase the OXO bottle brush.  With a quick whirl around the inside of the bottle, it swiped that tea residue out in a second.  I was very pleased and tried it on several other things that needed a bit of cleaning.  I simply left the brush to soak after I was done and it still looks like new.FEATURES:&#9658;  Durable neck flexes for easy reach inside bottles, pitchers and carafes&#9658;  Ideal for sauce jars, baby bottles, vases and tall glasses&#9658;  Stiffer bristles clean hard-to-reach corners&#9658;  Safe for crystal and stemware&#9658; Tackles multiple tasks with two types of bristles&#9658; Flexible neck makes getting into hard spots easy&#9658;  Rounded head is perfect fit for bottles and narrow jars&#9658;  Nonslip handle, wet or dry&#9658;  Perfect for gentle cleaning or vigorous scrubbing&#9658;  Dishwasher safeI even tried using it in the dish drainer for those hard to reach corners that always seem to have a little grimy buildup.  Worked like a charm, but it did soil the brush a bit.  I simply put a bit of bleach in some sudsy water and it immediately came clean.  Then I rinsed it well and dried it.  I was expecting a stiff brush, but instead got one that was soft, but just stiff enough to do those tricky jobs.  Really pleased with this purchase.', 'A good bottle brush is a necessity for cleaning those reusable glass bottles that I carry daily for water or juice, etc.  This is a good brush made by OXO.  The handle is comfortable and the perfect length for getting to the bottom of a large bottle or thermos.', "I love this thing for cleaning my bicycle water bottles, and it's soft enough to do wine glasses, narrow cups, etc. too. I've purchased additional brushes as gifts for my biking friends. I'm still sing the original one I bought -- seems pretty durable. The handle is long enough to reach into the larger water bottles (20 oz. I think), so that's a plus.", "Can't go wrong with oxo products and this is another good one. Handle is sturdy and the bristles are soft but clean well. I've put in dishwasher and still works well.", 'The handle on this brush is thin and very flexible.  The bristles are very soft.  I think this brush has a purpose but did not meet my expectations.  I need something a bit more sturdy.', 'It has not started falling apart like so many of these brushes do. The handle is comfortable and has a good grip to it.', 'As far as bottle brushes go, this works like a charm.  My old brush was getting too gross so it was time for a replacement.  Of course, I checked my local store and found nothing worthwhile so I logged onto Amazon and found this brush.  It\'s so nice to know you can find whatever you need online and purchase it with "one click"...lol!', 'I bought this for cups, glasses, and bottles (we have a baby).  But it works so well I use it for bowls, forks, everything.  The only issue is that the handle slides off easily and so I just took it off.', 'This high quality brush has relatively soft bristles so I an use it for relatively small bottles.  However, it will not be able to fit into beer bottles.', 'This brush does exactly what it is supposed to do. Even My husband likes it! Can there be a higher recommendation than that?', 'This is a reasonably nice brush with a good handle.  However we would like something similar with a longer handle.  Why do they stop at 12-13&#34;', 'I bought this to clean my new 64 oz clean canteen.  I make fruit and vegtable smoothies to bring to work.  I needed a better brush to clean it out.  This fits the bill perfectly.', 'Fantastic tool for washing my water bottles after leaving the gym. Easy to use and rinse. Definitely worth the purchase.', 'I love scrubbing classes and bottles and what ever you got that needs a long handle brush for some good quality scrubbing. The bristles are a little weak, they could be sturdier.', 'I have had this for a while now and it still works great. It is especially helpful for water bottles with small openings.', 'This brush works perfect to clean out my favorite glass bottles.  Does exactly what it should for a good price.', 'We use this to clean our water bottles and wine glasses and it works great!OXO products are durable, comfortable to use, and last!', 'This is a great bottle cleaner. It cleans well and works well with a varied size bottles!  Keep your bottles clean and bacteria free with this brush!', "I bought this to clean narrow mouth water bottles and coffee mugs.  Gets the job done, haven't had any problems.", 'Great for reaching inside bottles that are typically impossible to scrub, and general cleaning for any dishes you may have.', "Drinking coffee continuously every day eventually runs a mark on all thermos canisters that one may have or use. Quick to the chase, this was my issue with drinking coffee and having to clean the Thermos canister every now and then was usually a time consuming nightmare.It is quite difficult to clean these canisters usually because water splashing and detergent isn't enough on its own. Using my hands to clean dirty materials is normally always the way I go about to clean something in need of clearing out but doing so for incredibly small and hollow canisters is &#34;impossible&#34; to do with hands alone.My hands are way too big to come close to fitting inside the small canister tops and I didn't know what I could use to scrub that coffee build up found inside the canisters. Quick enough, I find this simple product on Amazon and place an order. In just 2 simple days (Amazon Prime Membership), I have the OXO Bottle brush and wow! It squeezes through the tightest hollow canisters and easily brushes up any buildup of stains or particles that may be sticking to the inside of the container.In combination with the Urnex Clearly Coffee Liquid Coffee Pot Cleaner item also on Amazon and this OXO Bottle brush, your cleaning duties for the remaining of a living and drinking coffee life are now simplified! No more struggles with getting a perfect clean canister. Drink with satisfaction and ease of mind and purchase this brush!Brush feels durable and has a nice array and structure of cleaning threads. Comes topped with a rubbish grip for the lower handle and operates with ease for any inexperienced user. I feel like with proper care, this shall last for a lifetime.", 'The most  fascinating thing about this brush the the sturd but extremely &#34;soft feel&#34; bristles.  And more surprisingly, I find my self using it for almost all dishwashing tasks -- except from anyithing calling for more than light &#34;scrubbing&#34;.', 'This bottle brush works really well. I like the handle, it provides a good grip. the bristles are soft, but firm enough to clean cups really well.', 'Much improved design over their older or other bottle cleaner.  This brush has a nice thick yet flexible handle to allow you to clean your bottles without fear of snapping off the head.', 'This is one of the brushes by my sink that I use the most.  It works very well as intended and I found even some more uses for it.  I may order a second one.', 'Great bottle brush for our household with three kids who all play sports.  So we are constantly washing water bottles that come home from games and practices.  This brush is perfect for cleaning these bottles.  (And I imagine it would work just as well for baby bottles.)  My only complaint is that the bristles compress or collapse over time, so I find I have to replace this brush about every 3 or 4 months.  I always buy the same one again, but I wish it lasted a bit longer!', "This was just what I needed. I was worried at first, because the bristles weren't very stiff, but they still did the job JUST perfectly.  I don't know why I went so long without a bottle brush!", 'I bought this to get the inside of wine glasses and other glasses clean.  I was very happy to find that they just barely fit into my champagne flutes.  good brush.', 'This brush is great for cleaning my Thermos - which often smells when I leave coffee in it for too long. However, this brush takes the smell away instantly. Plus, unlike many sponges,this brush does not ever get moldy or smelly.  I have not tried it with other types of bottles and containers but I assume it works just as well!', 'I was sitting on the fence between getting this bottle brush an the other one that had two other attachments. I went way from that one because I read that it was almost two feet long. Too long.  This brush is really good. Bristles are soft enough to bend to allow the brush to go through a smaller openings yet firm enough to get the corners. Good product.', 'I use these to clean sippy cups on a daily basis and they are a great product. They work very well and I will continue to buy these.', "This has become the best brush I've ever had to clean everything I've got in my kitchen! It cleans in all corners.", 'This is a good quality brush. This brand is a very good budget Buy. Brush cleans well and holds its shape without the bristles becoming stubs with use. Good quality at a good value. Recommend.', "Really nice product, it reaches the bottom of long bottles and easy to clean. At this price it's a steal!.", 'OXO makes the best things.  This is the right size to fit into smaller mouth bottles.  The length is perfect as well.', 'Got this for cleaning out Nalgene bottles. The brush and long handle is perfect sized for that job and will also work for many other applications where you need a long handle. The handle is slightly flexible so that is useful for getting a better angle for cleaning.', "Every morning I take a 16oz insulated thermos bottle into work with tea, coffee, yerba mate, juice, or something similar. My hands can't fit in any of my bottles. Most dishwashers aren't powerful enough to shoot water to the back of a thermos if it's in the dishwasher at and angle. This bottle brush is able to quickly, and easily clean the inside of any bottle. And for just $5, every bottle should get a decent cleaning once in awhile!Vinyl bristles are nice, don't deteriorate, hold soap well, and have just the right amount of flexibility to be stuffed into a bottle-top but just enough rigidity to get cemented-grime off bottle-walls.Hope that helps!", 'I used a baby one before but it was not long enough.  This one is long enough and firm enough to clean all of my sports bottles.', "I bought this at the same time as buying a new cookie press and planned to only really use it for that.  However, I have also been using it to clean my canning jars that don't have a wide mouth and it works great for that.  The bristles are soft and won't scratch whatever you are cleaning, and the brush head fits through very small openings for difficult to clean items.", "It didn't fit the bottle I bought it for, but then that bottle broke a couple of days after anyway.  I kept it because I have another glass water bottle and it is soft and flexible, yet strong enough to clean from protein shakes.", 'I needed something that would reach deeper than the baby bottle brushes for water bottles, mason jars, etc. Works great.', "OXO is known for well designed products and this is no exception. Son and daughter in law used extensively during grandson's first year.", "I use this every day to clean my coffee tumbler and coffee pot and it still looks brand new.  The grip is high quality and I don't think the brush will ever wear out.  Great add-on item.", 'With the OXO bottle brush I can get to the bottom of glass bottles, aluminum drinking containers or most any other object requiring a flexible brush and long handle.  Good addition to practical household cleaning products.', "It works great to wash the inside of my thermos bottle and other food jars with narrow openings.  I had it on my list to buy this kind of brush but never got around it until now; I'm glad I finally purchased it.", "Okay, MAYBE a bit more sanitary than a toilet bowl brush but it is one stiff bristled brush.  Crazy stiff.  If you want gentle, don't buy this.", "We bought this to clean inside water bottles.  It works perfectly for that.  We don't use it for anything else, but it works great for cleaning out water bottles.", "I really like this bottle brush!  The length is perfect and the handle is awesome (it won't slip out of your hand when wet).  The only reason for four stars is because the bristles are just too soft.  I like tougher bristles (almost impossible to find).  Other than that, it was a great purchase and I use it all of the time for glasses, stainless water bottles, glass water bottles, etc.  A must have in the kitchen.", 'I shopped around for a bottle brush locally and believe it or not could not find one anywhere! My water bottles were not getting clean enough so I wanted to give them a good scrub. This worked great.', "Get this if you cycle. It's not enough tow ash out your bottle with water. This will clean them out real good. Very easy to use.", 'Bough some glass water bottles recently and this brush is the perfect tool for cleaning the insides, A little, hand detergent and warm water with this brush work miracles!', 'Works well for thermoses when you need to clean them.. I was very impressed with how clean it got them.', "I was expecting something a little firmer to really scrub out the gunge in my water bottle. This only works if I use it while things are still 'fresh'.", 'Works great in all my water bottles. The brush fits perfectly in my camelback big chill and keeps it clean and germ free. The bristles are holding up nicely and it is plenty big enough to reach even the deepest water bottles. Highly recommend if you use water bottles.', "I have been buying these kind of brushes for years.  This is the reason I don't mind washing my dishes by hand.  I used to hate using a dish cloth and getting hands wet. I change them about every 3 months.", 'this bottle brush fits in my takeya water bottle, and others, without any issues.  it seems to be well made and cleans bottles accordingly.  it does what it is supposed to!', 'I picked this up as an add-on item to substitute for the stainless version. It seems like pretty good quality for what it is. I have yet to test the dishwasher safeness of either but plan on it. I do wish that these had the replaceable brush head like some of their other products.', 'Great product that is build very well and is sturdy.  I have another one that I bought years ago and this one is made so much better.', "If you have a bunch of water bottles and thinner travel coffee mugs- YOU NEED THIS BRUSH!Makes cleaning all those things so much easier. Can't believe I didn't buy one of these earlier!", 'Purchased this bottle brush because using a dish brush to clean Nalgene 32oz and 44oz is not a possibility.Glad I bought it; worth the price. The bristles are soft and pliable but still get their scrub on.', "I got this to properly clean mason jars, nalgenes, wide-mouth Siggs, especially near the curved parts.  Seems to rinse well and doesn't hold stains and dirt.  Dries pretty quick!", "I have a SIGG water bottle that needed cleaning. My first search resulted in a special SIGG brush that was ~$9. This was ~$4. In combination with Efferdent tablets, this brush works great to clean and refresh the bottle and remove the metallic-y smell from my bottle. (DONT BUY THE SIGG TABLETS -- SIGG Tablets are 24 tablets for ~$8 while Efferdent, which works EXACTLY the same, is 120 tablets for ~$6!!!). Be smart people; Don't buy the SIGG branded stuff since this brush (and the Efferdent tablets) work just the same, if not better for a lot less money.", 'I like this brush, though I do wish it had a suction cup, or something, so it would be easier to be near the sink.  We lay it on the counter and let the brush part hang over into the sink.  It does a good job, though, even though the bristles are not as dense as other bottle brushes.  We had the other OXO brush with a stand, and while it was nice, the stand had a tendency to get moldy unless washed often.  For the price these are easy to replace when necessary.', "This is a great product to clean children's sippy cups with. The bristles on the brush are soft enough where they won't scratch the cup, yet durable to do a thorough job cleaning the cup! I highly recommend for parents that are obsessed with clean cups!", 'I bought this brush so I could maybe use it in the bathroom to get scum out of the sink drain however it will not go in the drain.  It was much bigger than I thought but that is fine, I will use it for something else.  Still looking for a small headed brush to get down that drain!', "I recently got a new job and have been driving an hour a day to get to it.  So I started taking coffee in this deep thermos mug which quickly became soiled.  This brush really does the trick and I have found it so useful for other cleaning operations.  Not good as a toothbrush, but good back scratch!  I took of one star because it doesn't really look so good, and the whole to hang it should be a smidge bigger so it goes over hooks more easilier.", "I've purchased other products from OXO before and like those products, it's a well made item and I see it lasting for some time.  I've always gotten my money's worth out of them and that's one of the most important things (next to quality) that I am looking for.", "This is a great brush.  I use it for my 32oz Nalgene bottles and it works fine, but I also use it for my 16oz Takeya Glass Bottles and it especially works AWESOME for those because it touches all the sides of the bottle when it's in it!  When it's in the Nalgene bottle you have to circle it around to get all the sides, but not so with the smaller diamater bottles.  Handle is the perfect length and the bristles still stick out and look fine after 6 months of use.", 'nice product, the collors are nice and i really enjoy. hight quality product. not so cheap but i love it.', "What can I say. It's a brush and does what brushes do best. I rarely use it but it's nice to have around.", 'Perfect to scrub out my Nalgene on the fly water bottles.  Works really well, and does the job with a little bit of dishwashing soap.', 'I love that this has soft bristles that are tough enough to get stuck on foods off with ease. The handle is very sturdy unlike other bottle brushes and is the perfect length. The OXO Good Grio handle is perfect for anyone with grip issues like arthritis or carpel tunnel.'