"I purchased this for my weather station.  It has a unit that you install outside to measure outside temperature more accurately.  I am using low discharge rechargeable batteries and they can't handle the below freezing temp; they are showing almost empty after just a couple of weeks.Lithium batteries are rated to perform even in extreme conditions from -40 degree Fahrenheit up to 140 degrees Fahrenheit.  Also, you have to hold to realize how light are these batteries compared to other conventional batteries.", "I used these when I went on a month long safari. Had no chance of resupply and did not want to take too many standard batteries as I found in my experience that the high humidity, despite being in a tight container, drained most of the charge before I used them. Took two sets of these lithium AA plus other brands as backup. Didn't need them as the one set in my camera and one set in my recorder were still working good after I had returned. They endured over 100F to a 32F at night, 90% humidity, heavy rain, damn mosquitoes (ah..wait..that was my gripe) and worked very well. Did not have a problem with having to wait for them to recharge my units like other cheaper brands.", 'What can I say, look at the amp hour rating and that says it all. These are the only way to go.', "The flat discharge curve of lithiums means they will stay above the UVLO (Under-Voltage Lock Out) conditions of your electronics power supplies. Today's electronics do not just keep working until all the juice is gone. They monitor the input voltage and when it drops too low to guarantee a stable output, they shut off. Normal batteries may still have some juice left in them but nothing other than flashlights can really make use of it. Lithiums go most of the way from full health to death in a relatively flat curve so your electronics will get longer life. Maybe only 10% to 15% wasted energy left when done compared to 40%+The price is worth it.", 'Good long lasting AA batteries sold at a good price on Amazon...not always available in the stores at home or abroad; I carry a bag of these when traveling overseas to put in my little camera, head lamp, etc...they last and last....', "I put these batteries in a battery-driven can opener.  Nickel Cadmium batteries were not holding up more than a couple of weeks.  These Lithium Ion batteries have been in use for about three weeks now, and I have not noticed any loss of power.  I'd buy these batteries again.", 'Cheaper to buy batteries online. Lithium last longer. Keep in a cool place, but not in the refrigerator like alkaline batteries.', 'A very good brand and product. It holds a charge. Not like the lithium, but works just the same. Again with the minimum.', 'Lithium Cells are rapidly becoming the new gold standard for many household uses, from simple flashlights to sophisticated hybrid vehicles.  These lithium-ion batteries are now ubiquitous at the retail level and their popularity has steadily increased because of their power efficiency compared to more traditional delivery technologies far surpassing carbon-zinc, nickel-cadmium, nickel-metal hydride and alkaline.Here Is my Assessment of The Energizer AAA "Ultimate" Lithium:PROS:1. Superior in power efficiency compared to above-cited technologies.  Lithium cells hold their charge longer and become superior performers in retaining their charge.  When stored properly (in a cool, dry and dark environment), these cells self-discharge rates are substantially slower compared with previous generations of batteries.2. Unlike nickel-cadmium cells, lithium-ion batteries have no (or a very negligible) "memory" effect.3. Lithium Cells appear less likely to leak and are not as vulnerable to extreme temperatures compared with previous technologies.4. Lithium-Ion cells also perform better at lower ambient temperatures than their predecessors.5. Lithium-Ion batteries are noticeably lighter than previous types of cells making it an additional plus in heavier types of equipment such as larger flashlights, power equipment, etc.6. Energizer cells have expiration dates considerably longer because they discharge much more slowly compared to previous generations of batteries.7. Lithium cells are more environmentally-compliant and friendly compared to previous generations, particularly those cells which contain toxic, heavy metals such as cadmium and mercury.CONS:1. My rating on these cells is 4.5 stars due to the perceived steep price points of the Energizer brand that most folks believe.  However, if you do the math, as another astute reviewer has, you will find that lithium cells are actually a more cost-effective choice when compared to an equivalent-sized alkaline battery.  Nevertheless, you are still likely to pay more for a name brand such as Energizer, in order for the company to recoup their research and development costs.2. Lithium cells may be a safety hazard, particularly when exposed to high temperatures for sustained periods of time.  For this reason, the federal government has imposed transport restrictions on lithium batteries.  Although these restrictions have recently been relaxed, lithium cells can and do explode because they contain a pressurized, flammable electrolyte. For this reason, it is advisable to store these cells in a temperature-stable environment.3. Energizer currently has several different "versions" of their "Ultimate" Lithium batteries on the retail market.  Some packages state "up to 4x longer" while newer versions announce on the front of the blister card up to 8x or 9x longer in selected devices.  Be careful to select the latest available expiration date card(s) to avoid purchasing an earlier version of the product. Each cell also has a production/ lot code embossed on it; however, they are not at present, user-identifiable without assistance from Energizer.BOTTOM LINE:1. These are excellent batteries when used properly and in the correct equipment.  In consideration of the longer storage and discharge interval, my recommendation would be to use lithium cells for those appliances and equipment requiring longer replacement intervals such as fire, smoke and CO2 detectors; water sensors, outdoor sensors, digital cameras and remote controls to name just a few.2. Avoid storing these cells in extreme temperatures-cool, dark and dry is recommended for maximum shelf life and safety. Avoid storing lithium cells in the refrigerator or freezer.3. Energizer lithiums are, in my opinion, no better than those manufactured by other reputable companies.  As such, price shop.  If store (generic) lithiums are available, shop with your wallet.  This is an excellent technology but you need to use and store them wisely.', 'Installed on a detector where the ceiling is 15 Ft. Hope they last as long as they say they would.', 'I purchased these as open box for $14.95 with free Prime 2-day shipping.  I received two unopened packages of five each NEW Lithium AA batteries.  They all test as new.Careful Amazon shoppers: keep their eyes open for deals like this.', "These batteries hold up well to high demand electronics like my digital camera.  I won't use the rechargeable batteries any longer.", "These work very well.  They aren't as green as rechargeable, but these do last longer than regular batteries.  Highly recommended.", "I have always used alkaline batteries. I'm lucky if the alkaline batteries last 20 minutes. Now, I can use my camera for longer periods of time. I take digital photographs and shoot videos. I am very happy with this purchase.", 'They DO keep going and going and going.  These have more power and yet are lighter in weight than your typical battery, AND they hold their charge for 10 years.', "We have sensors for temperature and humidity in our attic.  We found that regular batteries do not work well in the cold of Maine winters. Buy these Lithium batteries has made a huge difference. The extra cost is absorbed by their longevity.Here's my TIP on those attic sensors or transmitters: TIP: I did find it best to purchase and use &#34;Energizer Ultimate Lithium&#34; AA cells. Not only do these last longer but are not really affected by the hot or freezing temperatures found in attics (and you don't need to climb up there to replace batteries every couple of months).", 'I got tired of having batteries fade out on me when I needed them the most.  Also frustrating is constantly having to keep a supply and having to change them often.  These lithium batteries last longer than any others and I use them wherever they can work.', 'these are really the ultimate disposable battery. at 10 times the capacity of a lead acid and nearly half the weight there is no reason to not replace all your nicad and lead acid batteries with these. I put a set in my headlamps and they usually last me a year or more. Much nicer then changing them nearly monthly', 'I read reviews, found the best type of battery, then found the best price on line at Amazon.com.  I love when every thing comes to the front door.', 'If you need AA batteries and can afford them (they are pricey) these are the ones to get.  They last a very long time and have excellent shelf life.  I mostly use them in a portable testing device that I occasionally forget to turn off, and they still just keep going, and going, and going.', 'Again these lasted as long as they were advertised to, the set lasted several months.  I wish I had bought more so I could stock up.', "These aa batteries are worth the price because these have such a better life span over alkiline batteries.I don't have to replace the batteries as often and are probably as cheap in price as twice as many of the comparable alkiline batteries.I do highly recommend these batteries.", "We were skeptical about the charge life of these batteries. Well, they really do last considerably longer than a regular &#34;Alkaline&#34; battery. Haven't tested the shelf life yet, but there is no reason to believe that it isn't longer too.", 'I bought these for my thermostat which uses these batteries.  I wanted long life batteries  since when replacing batteries on my thermostat erases the temperature programming, which is a laborious process.  These are the very best you can buy.  A good buy.  Item arrived at least one month late, but in good condition', 'Best battery you can get for all those battery eating devices  -- remote controls. wireless mice and keyboards, LED desk lamps and flashlights.', 'Use AA and AAA lithium batteries in everything around the house.  They last so much longer than regular alkaline.  Alkaline lose power just sitting, while lithium not so much.  Like this brand.', 'The main thing that I like about these batteries is they function at peak power until they run out of power.  There is no slowing down before they run out of power.  I have not noticed them functioning at 9X longer lasting.', 'OK they are expensive batteries.  I purchased them for a digital camera.  They provide power for an extraordinary number of photos.I used two of them in my remote mouse.  It was overkill but the mouse is still going big time.The batteries were sold and shipped by Technulty..  They substituted 2 4 packs for the 8 pack.  No problem with that.  They arrived promptly.', 'These batteries are light-weight and work well.  This is the easiest way to buy them.  Good price and no shopping around.', "Put in wireless mouse in mid july.They died today.The last batteries came with mouse made by china batteries too I put in before x-mas.So cheap lasts 7 months.Real expenisive 2 1/2 months ? Guess which one I'm buying now ?", "Reviews say these batteries do last longer, and they are worth the higher price.  I did a lot of videos before I drained the batteries.  I didn't keep track, but I believe they did last a lot longer, and this is what I will use in my camera, hence forth and forever after.", 'I am sold on Lithium batterys. For the money they are the best value for your buck. Sure they are a little more expensive but in the long run they last so much longer.', 'What can you say about batteries? They work as expected and the packaging was a bit easier to open, although improvements could still be done to make it easier to get out the first battery without destroying the package.', 'Bought these for some trail cameras taking videos, with sound, field scan etc.  Are holding up well (better than new Alkaline)  and the price was great. They also have a listed Shelf Life of 15 years, and are supposed to last 9 times longer than Alkaline batteries with high drain applications. I recommend the product and the seller Brooklyn Battery Works.  Purchased some more of these from Mel Pierce Camera (an actual store but on Amazon too)  at a cheaper price and they were delivered fast. Reason I mentioned the sellers is due to what appears to be some scammers selling them . Both these sellers are fine, fast, priced fair, new in the package.', 'Started using these for my camera and still use them for my external flash. Now I use them for all my AA needs as they do not leak ever but last a LONG time. I wish I could install a few in me.', "I don't know about 9 times longer that but these are the only batteries that will power my digital Kodak camera. As soon as they start to get even a little weak, they won't work in my camera but I can still use them in other gizmos. That's a plus.", "I use these batteries in my digital camera. If you aren't going to use batteries that you can rechange, these are your best bet. You'll still go through a couple of sets during a full day of shooting, but nothing like if you're using normal Energizer.", "I didn't notice 9 times longer useage but then again I wasn't measuring real close.  I didn't think it was worth the extra money but, that shouldn't be the definitive answer for anyone! :-)", "They are used in an Acurite weather station that we purchased.  The weather station has an outdoor sender that it mounted on our patio.  During the coldest parts of the year, the temperature on the patio can be in the teens.  Acurite, in the manual that comes with the weather station, recommends that lithium batteries be used in the outdoor sensor.As recommended by Acurite, we used the lithium batteries in the outdoor sensor.  We purchased these batteries about a year ago.  So far, the batteries have performed flawlessly.  We haven't yet had to replace the batteries in the sensor so I can't comment on their life, except to say that it's at least a year, at least for our type of use.", "I only use 2 brands of batteries Ultimate Lithium in my life/critical devices and duracell ultra in everything else.  The lithiums do last longer in and also preservation.  Great price on these from amazon, can't go wrong for smoke detectors, carbon monoxide detectors, camera flashes, and battery powered weather stations.  For everything else and toys Duracell Ultra is your friend.  So as you see i like both and recommend both.", 'I was using rechargeable batteries and i was getting tired of having to switch out the rechargeable batteries and find fresh batteries or wait to recharge the battery. Anyone with a Roku gaming remote knows how they eat up batteries. So far these batteries have been great and I will be purchasing more in the future for other devices.', "These may last a little longer as advertised, but I'm going to buy the rechargeable type from now on. I use too many of this type to have to buy often.", "One of the most frustrating things about cameras with disposable batteries is how quickly they eat through them.  Energizer Ultimate Lithiums help solve this problem.  I've used a bunch of different brands in my cameras, and these last longer than any other brand I've tried.With these batteries, you get days of use in a camera rather than hours.  I won't buy another brand for my cameras.", "These batteries are the &#34;ultimate&#34; - just as the labeling on the package states.  They last much longer than normal batteries, especially in electronic items like digital cameras or remote controls.  I have a difficult time finding them around my home, so I'm glad Amazon sells them.", "It really is worth the extra dollars to get these because they do last longer and don't ruin things like:  flashlights, meters, blood pressure machines, and most other battery operated electronics.  We have never found one exploded inside a battery compartment like we do with the older type batteries.  Heat and cold doesn't seem to make them corrode.  We only wish we could find the AAA Lithium batteries again in the 8 or 10 packs :-).......", 'I needed some extra strong AA batteries to keep the quantum gate open between this world and the world I normally rule in, called Nibiru.  OK, really I needed some extra strong batteries to work in my portable dental sonic pick - and these perform very well.  The price on Amazon was very good and mine arrived in an 8-pack as described in the description, so I am a happy purchaser of this product.', 'They cost more then regular batteries but worth the price. I only use these in more important stuff and or hard or a pain to change items.', 'Great brand at a great price that always delivers superior service.  Love them for things such as remote controls, cordless mouse, cordless keyboard and such.  Very long lasting', 'excellent product, highly recommended these work very well in my old canon digital camera will most likely buy more of these', 'I go through these batteries every 6 months and these work well under very demanding use running a motor.  All tested well and arrived quickly .  Packaged as shown.  The price is very reasonable', "I have used the Lithium battery for around two years now in my camera,remotes,flashlights,etc.... I've found them to be of great quality and superior to even the legendary &#34;Copper Top&#34;. This time Amazon has as good a price as I can find locally and having Amazon Prime made the difference in my purchase ! You do not go through very many of these. Seem to hold on to their power well!", 'These batteries work great in my digital camera. They have a long shelf life and hold up many times longer than alkaline batteries.', "I was so tired of having to replace the batteries for my remotes, I decided to give these a try and I'm glad I did.", 'Not everyone needs lithium batteries. But my backyard weather station recommended lithium for extreme hot or cold climates. These batteries arrived fresh and in the original card (just like the picture). This price on Amazon is very good, and delivery is straight to my door.', "Energizer lithium batteries are money.  They cost a lot, but they're definitely worth it.  I use them in an led headlamp and it's noticeably brighter.", "How do you rate a battery that lasts 9 times longer when you have only had it for a couple of months.  They work and hopefull will continue for a number of months to come.  It's worth a try so as not to have to replace them very often.", "I've used these batteries in applications that go through a lot of batteries: a camera with a battery-draining display, and some speakers with no AC connection.  In the camera one set of batteries lasted through 656 pictures including 8 videos approximately 8 minutes in length each.  The speakers were used approximately 6 hours a day for 14 days and are still going strong.", 'I use these in a portable water pic which is essential for my current denatal situation. I travel alot to remote areas and they hold up for a long time. I recommend them.', "These batteries have a specific use: They are the navy seal or special ops of batteries. You don't want to use them in your every day juicing of low drain applications. They are for the knock down drag out applications that other batteries can only handle for minutes. Camera flashes.  Remote control cars. High drain applications where you need a battery that can go in and provide high power for a specific use.They're expensive, they're finely tuned to provide maximum output for maximum time on high drain activities. Don't waste them on remote controls, mice or smoke detectors.", 'I used to love these Energizer AA Lithium Batteries.  No more.  The life of the battery is far too short compared to the ones I have bought in the past.', "There is a huge difference in lithium compared to regular batteries.  Really useful if you store your electronics for extended periods of time because they do not leak.  I am a believer and will put lithium's in all my electronics.", 'I bought these for a digital camera which went through alkalines every 30 photos. After researching how alkalines drop to about 1.2 volts after very little use and then level out from there I learned that these lithiums maintain the 1,5 volts for a much longer period of use and consequently allow my camera to continue to work through about 120 to 150 photos. I also use these in the outside unit of my weather station because they will not fail at subzero temperatures like alkalines do. The added cost is worth it in some instances but probably not for general use.', "We purchased an indoor/outdoor thermometer.  The manual stated that it would be a good idea to use lithium batteries when the temperature outside dipped around freezing.  It is a probe outside is wireless and I will change the batteries today to lithium.  Lithium batteries have a longer lifespan than alkaline batteries and Amazon's price was fair.", "got 'em quick with no problems. yes they absolutely last longer [I use them in a lable maker]. These are great batteries but are not for every app. I do not recommend using the 9v version in a smoke detector. The lithium bateries by nature go until they are completely exausted then suddenly they are completely spent wih no warning. The alkilne batteries slowly get weaker thus letting the detector let out those annoying squeeks which tell you the detector's batteries need changing. Not to keen of a flashlite blinking out with no warning. But, the tremendious shelf life and longer runs between changes is a real plus.PS Check to see that you are getting the correct ones for your needs. They have different life spands of lasting 4,5,8 and the ultimate of 9 times longer than alkiline batts.", "I have bought several packs of these through amazon with no issues. These batteries are fantastic and I can't recommend them enough over crappy alkaleaks!", 'I use these primarily in photography equipment.  They last many times longer than standard batteries.  I have used them for a number of years and am very happy with them.  I just wish Energizer would make some that are lithium &#34;rechargeable&#34;.', 'Bought these for one of my trail cameras and they worked great. Just brought the camera in at the end of the season and the batteries still have charge left in them. They were in use for a couple months and the last few weeks have been very cold with many nights below zero. Happy with these batteries.'