'This mount is just what I needed.  It is strong and sturdy.  It folds almost flat to enable the television to sit square and flat against the wall if desired and extends and rotates for angle turns.  A perfect fit as long as you match the correct visa pattern for your television.', "This mount works really well once you get it up and going.  Only problem is just the arms are a little goofy getting them all in the right spot.  But that's really not too big an issue considering all the different TV's and their mounting hole locations.", 'for the price you just cant beat this item. I bought it for a house I was selling so I could hang some tv and it worked great. Good quality for the price.', 'Took a bit of work, but used this to fit an older vizio 32&#34; monitor to the wall to use as a compute monitor. Stable and like the ability to move the tv to different angles. The vizio was older and did not have the standard holes, this product fit and holds the tv very stable.', 'I used this for my 47&#34; Samsung. Its fit/feel is great. Easy installation. Appears strong; although I personally spent way too much on the tv to risk leaving it fully outstretched with too little lag bolts for a long time! It is very convenient to be able to move it away from the wall however and I would feel very comfortable tilt or swiveling if needed. The movement is fluid and easily adjustable.I am very pleased with my purchase.', 'I am very glad for buying it.  It is heavy duty and good quality for the price.  It was very easy to install.', "this holds up my 55inch sony with ease. make sure u mount this with ur own lag screws into the heart of the 2x4 ur mounting to and u won't have any problem--u may have to make a modificatoin or two but use ur brain and figure it out-- it'll be there till the house falls!!!3inch lag screws is the way to go don't be cheap go buy em.---how much did u pay for the tv????", 'I bought this for a 22" TV for my son. I mounted this onto the corner stud and it works great! I love the angles it can achieve. Fees Very sturdy and well built. It works perfect for my application. Very happy with this purchase!', 'This mount is easy to install and very sturdy and is very functional and very affordable for the price. A+', 'Works like a charm! Lies flat on the wall when I want it too and pulls out and swivels like a charm when I need it too!The instructions call for it to be mounted into a stud in the wall, however mine is mounted directly into the drywall using heavy duty anchors and it works perfect as well! This is a great product for an amazing price!', "I hung this in my house with great ease and it held up my 8 year old son because I wasn't going to put the 55&#34; flat screen on it to find out that it failed. Fully extends out 2 feet. This was worth the money.", "I live in a studio condo and I needed something to rotate to see from my bed and my couch on the other side of the main room. Once you figure out which instructions to use (several varieties are included to accommodate different scenarios and tvs), they are pretty thorough. Don't be afraid to tighten specific &#34;joints&#34; and loosen others to get it how you want it.Originally had bought a different one, and be careful of this, but it didn't didn't have near the amount of swing as this one does.", 'Holds the TV fine and the articulation is great.  We use it in a downstairs bedroom where we can move it to be seen from the bed or the treadmill.  Has cable mgmt as well.', 'Just to know that the TV will sit off center of where the base is placed. Other than that it has held up and worked.', 'Needed a corner mounted Flatscreen. This did the job well, easy to install. I had to mount in a metal stud, so I used two support boards in the back to distribute the weight more evenly. Expectations of item met at a fraction of the cost from competitors.', "Only gave this four stars because it's only supporting a 32&#34; TV. I think I would be scared to mount a 55&#34; TV on it. If you sprang for a 50&#34; or bigger TV, spend a little more on a properly rated mount. As with any TV mount, make sure you're hitting wall studs with the main screws, don't just use anchors in drywall or you're asking for trouble. LOTS of hardware included in the kit, so mounting any style or brand of TV shouldn't be a problem.", "Nothing fancy, just decent quality and simple installation.  As may have been mentioned, one must discard the provided Phillips screws that the manufacturer provides to affix the bracket to the wall stud.  Use your own.  The TV I mounted with it is an older flat-panel, so it's a little heavier than the news ones.  This thing isn't fazed, and stays where I put it.", 'Amazing how easy it is to move my 46&#34; around on this mount and able to hang off one stud. Nice quality feel to metal it is made of.', 'Very sturdy. The arm is very stiff at first so you have to work it lose.  However, the mount works great, just make sure you get that stud just right. I was impressed with the quality and happy with the price.', "Bought the mount for my 30&#34; Dell U3011 monitor.  It fits the Dell quite well, and I bought it for it's reach from the wall, it's ability to manipulate, and it's weight capacity.  And in all those respects, I'm quite happy.However, there is a noticeable tilt/sag to the monitor when I have the arm extended.  I'm not so concerned with sag perpendicular to the wall, as that was expected, but the rotational sag that I sometimes get.", 'This is a rather good tv mount. This tv mount works exactly as expected and described. I would buy again.', 'I had to use a hacksaw to cut away part of this to hang my 24&#34; LED TV in my bedroom. Other than that, seems to work fine.', "I have a 42&#34; Hannspree LCD TV. It weighs 42.5 lbs. Most other reviews said they had a TV smaller than this so I was a little skeptical but got it because of the good price and it said it could hold 60 or so lbs. Most of my reservation was because it was the first time I've mounted a TV and worried it would fall within a week. I've had it over a month and its nice to have it be able to swing out, extend, and angle. I like the fact that I can get a bigger TV and still use this mount as its in my living room. It was not too hard to install. I bought a stud finder because I didn't have one and most everything else I already had to install it. I do highly recommend recruiting some help with the install, at least for when putting the TV on. This would be extremely hard by yourself, especially if you have a bigger TV. Overall, very happy with this mount.", "I have two of these now in different rooms. Works well with my Samsung TV'S  for the size noted above", "We got this one recently and its a great wall mount. The unit is pretty heavy, so you will need a helper. It also includes a variety of screws to mount also. Our TV documentation stated it was a 400x400 pattern. But after putting hte plate over the back, seems we didn't need the extra extenders as its 200x200. This is on a Samsung 40&#34; 5000 series LEDTV.The arm is hard to push and pull, but that is more due to being new and stiff. Make sure you adjust the tilt angle screws as our unit came with them loose so we had to tighten them.I initially was scared to mount it (what if it falls if I screw up!!!) but its pretty easy. Not only did i use a stud finder to get the general location of the stud, but i also used nails to get the actual edges (those basic studfinders are never &#34;exact&#34;). make sure you do the same.not bad for $30-ish", "this is a good product.  It went up easily.  I did it myself.  I wish I might have gotten one with a little more adjustment.  It's very rigid.", "For the price.....can't be beat.  I have two TV's hanging in the living room.  No issues, easy to hang.  I would recommend to a friend.", 'Works Great. Holds my 40 inch TV effortlessly. Very well built. Definitely worth the price. Easy to install TV to the mount. Has cord clips. TV can be tilted up or down and sideways. Extends from the wall 24 inches. I highly recommend this brand..', 'I have a 47&#34; TV and had no place to put it in my bed room. With this mount it use the space i had a poster hanging. Very easy to install, came with all hard ware.', 'Great Mount, so many areas of articulation. This was a great gift idea my mother loves it. I have purchased two of them and they are sturdy and give a touch of class to every room you put them in. A must have any video file or those who want to save space in a bedroom or office.', "This is perfect for what I needed it for. I can move the screen from side to side if I need to and I don't have the TV sitting on my desk.....", 'have not had the opportunity to install the tv mount as of yet - will follow up once mounted in place. great price and quick shipping', 'Why pay the $$$$ at Best Buy when you can get the same products for a fraction of the prices here.  The VideoSecu Long Arm TV Wall Mount Low Profile Full Motion works great.', "Pro's: Easy to setup.  Supports many different VESA formats. Has some articulation.  Sturdy construction.  Can be installed by one person w/o too much effort.Con's: Cable guides fall off easily.  The joints are a bit too stiff; you really have to man-handle it to get it fully extended, and you have to push fairly hard to get it to compact again.  So far I have not noticed any wear from this firm pulling/pushing, but I worry because it is only attached to the studs buy 2 bolts.", "I bought the uint for a 32 &#34; Tando.  I couldn't get the parts to line up so I bought another fixed type.", "I used this to hang my 40&#34; LCD that I bought back in 07, so it's a heavy TV that outweighs my new 50&#34;.  Everything seems to be made well, it was easy to install myself, and the TV has been hanging for 2 months now from a brick wall at it's full reach.  I can't imagine paying $100 for other TV wall mounts, as well as this one performs.", "Totally love this product!! I bought two - one for living room, one for bedroom.  I decided to try my hand in the bedroom first (in case I got frustrated and didn't finish the project).I've gotten items needing to be assembled before with all the hardware in one bag -- not so with this product!!  I'm impressed! Every nut, bolt, screw, washer, etc. is clearly packaged (individually by size and labeled!)The Arm also comes assembled -- which I disassembled for easier handling (the wall plate is attached to the Arm with two Carriage Bolts / easy to remove and makes holding in place while bolting to the wall a breeze).Took me 1-1/2 hours from start (gathering my tools) to finish (hanging the TV)  Oh, and I'm a 56 yr old disabled female.  I do have a  lot of construction/tool knowledge however.", 'Used this for the bedroom. Put it in the corner but was only able to hit the stud with a couple bolts.', 'you can spend a ton of money on one of these, or you can buy this one.  hung a 32 inch tv with it with no problems.', "This is a really well made and engineered product which should be twice the price. It has every kind of leveling and tilting adjustment you could want, and a nice finishing piece that goes over the wall plate and lag bolts.  The mounting process can't be rushed and planning everything out before you start makes all the difference. Just make sure you find the middle of a wall stud for the lag bolts.It easily managed a 47&#34; led lcd which weighs 35lbs, and it might take the extra 10-12 lbs of a 55&#34; led lcd if it's not pulled too far from the wall. Since it can swing out over 20&#34; I'd be carefull about going bigger than the 35lb 47&#34; tv that I mountedThe only thing which was dissappointing were the two plastic wire holders which are junk (very flimsy, one was broken in the package) and shouldn't be included when simple black wire ties work far better.", "My flat screem computer monitor is very light and didn't need such a heavy duty mount.  The product is fine and would work for monitors much larger and heavier than my 20&#34; LED", "This is exactly what I needed.  It was easy to mount and supports my 40 inch TV (26 lbs) without any issue.  I haven't tested the extension brackets, but the rest of the device is very solid.  I will say that the hinges can be a bit tight, and it's not designed to be easily adjustable on the fly (you'll need a few tools).  If you plan on swinging your TV around a lot, this might not be the best choice, but it works perfectly fine if you only need to adjust it every now and then.  My favorite part is the small base.  I didn't have a lot of wall space to mount a TV, and this met my needs without eating all my money.  Keep in mind that you'll want at least two people to mount the TV on this device.  I attached my TV alone by precariously balancing it on a stack of boxes while I inserted the screws.  Speaking of which, I've mounted two TVs on this, and the box included screws which fit both (in addition to many more).  However, you may need a few more washers.", 'I have purchased this mount twice now - one for my bedroom TV, and one for my living room TV.  The bedroom TV is a 35" LCD, and the TV in the living room is a 55" LED.  (Surprisingly enough, they both weigh 50 pounds...)  This mount works very well for both of them.  It\'s relatively simple to install - you just need to find a stud and screw the support in to it.  (I will admit that my bedroom TV has been attached not to a wall stud, but a jury-rigged support brace on a cabinet.  It\'s still there and attached after 6 months.)I will say that the joints in the arms are quite stiff - it can take a little muscle to move the TV.  But I think I prefer that - it certainly doesn\'t feel flimsy, and it stays wherever I put it.A tip for would-be purchasers: make sure your TV supports this mount.  You can usually find your compatible VESA patterns in your user\'s manual.  (Or a quick online search, perhaps.)  As I often say - when buying online, it pays to do your homework.', "This device is somewhat weak even for the 46 inch TV weighing only 31lbs that I'm using it with. after some adjusting it's working ok.", "Very easy to setup, simple instructions, has all the mounting hardware and fits a huge different variety of TV's with great support.", 'It needs improment. I wish it has one more hole to put a screw on the wall.It looks shaky for 55 inch TV. However, it still holds it.', "Very good materials, very lightweight,  cheaper than others brands. I have a 47&#34; LG Led tv and it fit at 100%, and I'm capable of sell my tv, buy an 55&#34; and use the same mount without problems.", 'Great functionality, really incredible price, and a snap to install.  Honestly, ridiculously good product - wish they were all so easy.', 'Excellent buy! We are very pleased with this item. It performs very well. The instructions were clear. It was easy to assemble. It holds a 47&#34; TV very well.', "Warning, Do your homework before ordering a tv wall mount!!Mom and dad bought a 32 inch Seiki TV and needed it angled on the wall for optimum viewing. That is where I the eldest son came into the picture(pun intended).I knew in advance the location had plywood backing behind the drywall, which meant this mount would be easy to install as wood screws would be secure anywhere on the wall. But what if it was a typical installation, would there be a stud in the wall centered where needed to hold the tv and mount securely? It seems unlikely most people would, so what are the options?Option #1. Buy a different mount with a mounting plate rather than small 2 hole bracket as on this model. If you don't know what I am talking about, look at other tv wall mounts and you will see on many of these a large wall plate that can easily cover an area with at least one stud, and addtionally allow drywall anchors elsewhere on the plate to handle the weight of any tv. This model has only a small wall bracket with holes for 2 screws or anchors.Option #2. Use wall anchors. Again, there are only 2 holes in this bracket so take into account the weight of the tv and the rating of the anchors. Proceed at your own risk.Option #3. Install a stud. You're on your own with this...The mount is well made, everything fits and it looks good but as mentioned, a little homework will save you time and make installation easy.I hope this review is useful. :-)", 'Too Heavy and Poor weld quality .Lot of blow holes in welding, though painting was made nice to cover it or else it was made with inefficient welder. I think this is is not well designed by experts. Hope no calculations are involved in making it. Just copied the shape forms some other manufacturer.', "JUST IN STALL ANOTHER SAMSUNG 55&#34; LED FLAT SCREEN. OUTSIDE A  PATIO DECK AREA WHAT A DIFFERENCE THIS UNIT MADE.THE MOUNTING KIT WAS VERY EASY TO USE. AGAIN I DID UPGRADED TO  USING LONGER HEAVIER MOUNTING BOLTS. THAT WAS ONLY $1.00 MORE BUT IT'S WORTH IT IN THE LONG RUN. HERE IN EARTHQUAKE COUNTRY YOU NEES THAT SUPPORT. YOUR FLATSCREEN TV RETRACTS A FEW INCHES OFF THE WALL PLUS IT WILL LOOK SWEET FROM 2&#34; TO 24&#34; FROM WALL AREA", 'Was a perfect fit for my 32&#34; flat screen TV.  I would recommend this wall mount for that size tv', 'Good wall mount. Sturdy and does what it is supposed to do. In fact, it even held a larger TV than what it was listed as capable of holding. I believe I mounted a 42&#34; television with this one. Not a flat-flat one either. I mounted an older heavy thick one.', "This is possibly one of the best mounting kits I've ever purchased. I like the fact that there are pieces so the mounting kit can cater to all models of TV. (Whether they have a rounded or flat back). Mine had a flat back so I didn't need the extra piece, but once that step was cleared it was only a matter of minutes before it went up on my wall.  The adjustable arm is nice, as it is setup in our bedroom. At night the TV is angled towards the bed and makes it super easy for both of us to see up on the wall, and during the day its turned in another direction towards my desk - also making the ability to view the TV while working.The material is very strong, hubby did a pull up on the bar and it didn't even budge.  This thing seems as though it will last quite a long time.  It's already been up for over a month and it was a wonderful addition to my master bedroom, I'll be purchasing more over time for the other rooms in the home with larger model TVs.", 'Exactly as described.Very heavy duty.Lots of parts to make any installation work.Excellent value.Fits various monitors and tvs.', "I bought three of these mounts for all the bedrooms in my house. I love all three of them. All mounts have different tv's on them, One is a 50&#34;, 40&#34; and a 32&#34;. Product comes with multiple screw for different tvs. Outstanding product for the price. All tv's have been mount for a little over a year. This product is a full motion mount for $29.99!! and it is Prime!", 'Got my TV mounted with this above my PC and its been on the wall for a year now. No problems with it holds the TV well and its study. Way cheaper than store bought and its perfect for what I got i got a 37 inch HDTV', "The product is good and as described.I have a 32&#34; Vizio TV and somehow, this wall mount seems to be a little too weak for my TV. I still managed to mount my TV just fine, but gets a little paranoid that it will give in within the next few months because the mount won't be able to carry it.But the full motion swing feature is amazing! Especially if you are in a larger room.", nan, "Good, strong mount and quality hardware. Includes all the different size screws required to attach to TV if yours doesn't have them (or if you lost them).  There is just the right amount of resistance in the joints for it to stay where you want it but still easy to move around.  I mounted a shelf above the TV to get the cable box out of the way and avoid having to run a long HDMI cable through the wall.I took a star only because I received a different unit than the one pictured, It has 2 thick arms, rather than the 2-1 that is shown.  Honestly I think what I got is more attractive, but I believe that Amazon vendors should not substitute different products without authorization.  My unit also did not come with the extender arms in the picture, it has a mounting plate with all of the VESA mounting holes in the correct configuration.  My TV is 26&#34; so it fit perfectly.  I am sure my 55&#34; would fit on it too, but I have a different mounting configuration for that one.", "I bought this tv swing arm mount for my tv from amazon.Its been a good one its built heavy duty to hold pretty big tv .I would have anyone of my friends buy this same mount for their tv. It lets you hang it up and out of the way and also you can turn it out or in adjustable to see it from anywhere I set in my living room. This unit is easy to mount on wall and put together by yourself but if you have an extra person around it would make it a little better when holding the tv up when it clips in at top then screw and tighten and adjustments and like everything else I've bought from amazon it ships fast right to your door step.", 'Easy to attach. Easy to adjust. Very Solid and secure. Used on a clients 29&#34; LED with built in DVD.', 'I have my 32 inch Tv on the wall and it works great. Easy to install and came with all the parts. The screws that it comes with for the TV will not fit but you can buy some for 2 dollars.', 'My students and I used to huddle around laptops to discuss projects. Now I have a 47&#34; TV for display and this mount makes it possible to put it on any wall and swivel it in any direction depending on how many people need to see the screen. Really stable, no wiggling', 'It is a good value, but is not top notch quality. If you extend both arms in the same direction, the TV (30 inch) tilts. However if the arm goes right, then left, the play in the hinges offset each other and it works great.', 'Very strong for any tv, but I wish that it was little longer I am very happy with it and very strongly recommended.', 'Easy install!! Looks great and works great for what we need!! Purchased for game room, took 5 min. to install and 1 min. to set TV on. Great!!', 'The mount works, but it is unrefined compared to other brands out there. Purchased because it was on sale. just ok.', 'I consider myself to be a good DIYer. I\'ve installed mounts for my 2 Samsung 46" and 55" LED TVs with no problems for 5 years. So, for this VideSecu mount, inspite of poor installation instructions, I carfeully measured all domensions to fit my new 32" Samsung LED SmartTV in a limited kitchen space. My mistake was, based on the diagrams, I assumed that the length of both the swinging arms of the mount (the single and the double arms) were of the same length. What a disaster! After installing the mount when I mounted the TV and folded the arms the TV did not center itself to the wall side of the mount! It was then that I noticed the inner length of the 2 arms is about 4" longer than the outer single arm. In other words once the arms on the mount were fully folded in towards the wall my TV was not centered in the limited space that I had and looked awful. I don\'t know why the manufacturer did not keep both arms the same length. At least they shd have mentioned it in the instructions.This to me is a major product defect. Luckily with Amazon I was able to return this mount but had to pay return S&H;.', 'Works great for a cheap mount. Worked great on a 32&#34; Emerson LCD tv. Does everything as advertised! Can tighten or loosen joints for easier movement.', 'We needed something to Extend our tv away from the hot pipe for the winter and this wall mount did the trick. It went up with no a problems. It worked out very well!', "its a little flimsy and not the easiest to put together, for the price it works.  But for the quality i'd go with Cheetah.", "We needed a wall mount for a 32&#8221; TV that was going to be in the screened in porch.  This was one of the brands recommended by the guy that was going to install out wall mount.  I can&#8217;t speak to the ease or difficulty of installation but it looks great and we can swivel it if necessary for best viewing angle.  It's also pretty sleek so it doesn't butt out too much.  It arrived quickly and it didn&#8217;t take the installer long but of course he was a professional.  Looks great!", 'It works for the tv I bought but I had to use some of my own washers for the screws.  I thought it would have everything.', 'I have mounted a 42 inch old LCD. Easy to install. Easy to swivel, there is tilt option but it has to be locked by nuts(it can not be changed without loosing the nuts).', 'Could offer a little more in flexibility of installation, but once in place the set can be placed in just the right position repeatedly.', 'The directions stink. Just remember the spacers go under the arms if you have to use them and you will be ok.', 'Good quality.  Must mount on a stud.  I mounted to a metal stud by cutting a rectangle hole in wall, adding a 2 ft 2x4 in the metal stud track, patched the hole and then put up the mount.  Holds a 37&#34; TV without a problem,even added a DVD player to the bottom of the TV and it is still on the wall after about 8 months.  Price on this item was great and it was sent with FREE FREIGHT!', 'I have a full 42&#34; HD flat screen mounted on this. Not only does everything look better than strapped to a table, but the adjustability makes this mount a pleasure to have.  It was simple to attach to the wall and has a small footprint, being a single stud wall mount.  The other major point of this mount is how many sized TV or monitors the mount can be adjusted to accept.  My TV mounts solidly and the mount itself is solid, yet adjusts with little effort.  This is just plainly a good and solid product that is well worth the money.', 'This product is user friendly and versatile.It is easy to install and comes with everything needed for installation.Adding bidding could drill and bit', 'it was so easy to install.  the instructions were simple and so was the process.  i was putting off the project for fear.  i should have hung the TV long ago.', 'works great was pretty easy to put up and does the trick. it is my sons room and really works great.', "Easy to install, and works great. Television moves with ease and always feels secure. Doesn't loosen over time like other television mounts.", "Fits many different size TV's,  is very solid, and was easy to install.  I would recommend to anyone is even slightly handy.", "When we first bought our bedroom tv, we looked at the mounts in the store and almost fell over from shock at the prices.  This is one of the best prices I have found on mounts.  This mount went up easy and moves in all directions to get the perfect viewing angle.  it comes with everything you need but the drill and tv!  You won't be disappointed with this brand.", "If I need to order another, this will be the one.  I used this to mount a TV to the wall in my basement and it allows me to pull the tv out from the wall and turn it towards my desk so I can watch TV while working on the PC, nearly a 90 degree angle.  My TV is only a 32&#34; and I could see that this would work up to a 40&#34; or so, but if you don't need to turn the TV 90 degrees, you could get by with a larger TV.", 'I was hesitant about mounting my larger flat screen (47&#34; LG) onto the wall - what happens if it falls off!  After looking at mounts at Target and Best Buy that were $100+, would this possibly work?Fast forward...  The mount took about 20 minutes to install (too longer to locate the studs than mount it).  The TV is on the wall and works wonderfully.  Very solid mount and good articulation.My only comments are the cord clips included are very weak.  I will be replacing them with black cable ties.  Also - they do need to have a second locking screw where you hang the TV on the articulating mount - I can wiggle my screen (tilt) by about 1/4&#34; since there is only a screw on the bottom.Overall, I liked the narrow wall mount and the 20&#34; extension.  Definitely would recommend for a TV that is 47&#34;.', "Easy to install, with extra hardware for installing your TV. However, my TV had a curved back, so I used the included spacers to space the bars on the back of the TV. I was skeptical of the two lag bolts attaching the bracket to the stud under the drywall, so I added two 5/16&#34; lags, under washers holding the inside edges of the mounting brackets.After installing the Swing Arm wall mount, I grabbed the end of the bracket, fully extended. The bracket didn't sag a bit. I concluded that the supplied two lag bolts would have been sufficient.I've swung my TV out and exercised the various angles available, and found the swing arm not giving a millimeter.I fully recommend this wall mount. I've a few other VideoSecu mounting brackets for wall mounted and floor stand speakers and one for an 80-inch Sharp TV. All are quality products.", 'Purchased for my sister to hang her TV on a wall and she and her boyfriend reported back to me that mount works great with the 42&#34; Vizio TV she got for Christmas and was up securely in no time.  I looked around in the retail stores and found that this mount was of similar quality at a much lower price.  What can I say, it does what it is supposed to do, was easy to setup, and is of good value.', 'This is mounted in a doorway between two rooms in my basement with a 40 inch TV attached to it.  I can move it to either room and still keep the doorway open plenty wide enough to pass through.  Perfect for my needs.', 'Sturdy and durable craftsmanship. Bought for my grandma in Mexico, had it installed and works great. Has awesome mobility to enjoy your television from countless angles in your room.', 'If you want a wall mount that is universal and can be moved in all directions this is the one to get.  My 42&#34; Samsung 3D tv mounted easily and the extensions were not required.  I mounted it to a stud and it seems to be very secure.  I am able to swing the tv to watch from my bed or from the lazyboy chair without a problem.', 'used it for vizio 42&#34; tv. easy to install. fit perfectly. what is there else to say? strongly recommend for everyone.', "my tv! Couldn't ask for more. Thanks. These reviews require too many words. I could have said what I meant in three.", "For the price it can't be beat.  The mount is strong and sturdy.  Two sets of hands are mandatory for mounting, three would be ideal.  Once up though, it's better than most of our friends mounts.  It has full articulation, and I can swing the arm out and angle it towards my kitchen.  This is highly important while cooking buffalo wings and trying to keep tabs on football games.", 'I am using this with a 40 inch Samsung smart tv.  The extended bars were not needed.  This is very easy to mount to a wall stud with just two bolts.  Many bolts are provided to fit with your television.  It is very sturdy and able to be positioned in many different ways.  Highly recommended.', 'Mounting a 42 inch LG TV weighing 33 poundsPROLess expensivePrevious purchase of VideoSecu productAppeared solid and strongHad tilt and various adjustmentsMount on single studCONSagging..this is amazing that it sags and does so at different angles based on how far the TV is pulled out from the wallTherefore one cannot keep the TV properly aligned because any movement changes the tilt or other angles.Mounting is a pain because the mounting bracket never comes apart from the articulation armCritical bolt attachment for the mount from the TV to the articulation arm does not get tight!  This is amazing. It is not stripped but it does will not stay tight even from the first use.  This makes the product unsafe.I am amazingly frustrated bordering on angry because of the time put into this and now holes in the wall.  I need to get a different one.  My prior experience was with a VideoSecu MW380B TV wall articulating mount, which is far superior for a larger TV.  I bought this other one because I wanted a tight fit to the wall.Can I send a bill for my time and work putting it up and taking it down?????'