'fits true to size i can wear this with anything since it being a darker shade of purple wont stand out as much but still has that color its great just what i was looking for totally would recommend to anyone!', 'My daughter loves converse so the fact that it fit her witout us having to return or try on in the store was a plus - it arrived on time', 'I love these shoes. True to form, these Converse fit well. I love the brightness of the light orange color.', "Converse has been making these for as long as my kid has been on Earth and longer and now he's asking for them. He loves them. This is his 4th pair, each in assorted colors. Nothing to complain about whatsoever. They don't really change much - which is **exactly** the point, right?", 'Purchased these as a Christmas gift for my daughter. She wears them all the time. I may borrow them as well.', 'Love my new, black converse!!! Nice fit and go well with my new pants!!! Very pleased with the product and delivery!! Thank you!!', "Ok the title is based on Julie Sarinana  check out her blog and you too will see why.  The shoes arrived on time to my girlfriend house.  A perfect fit she said, as she is wearing a mens 4.5 for her 6.5.  Strange I know but that how they are listed.  I purchased these Converse in White Canvas shoes for my little asian cutie she is 5'1&#34;  and maybe 118lbs.  My girlfriend will be wearing these new Canvas Converse at Disneyland.  She'll copy the amazing fashion style recommendation in Sincerely Jules  web site.  The complete outfit for the day at disney:  Tangerine Sweatshirt, Crisp WHITE Roxy Cotton Shorts, Sneakers: White Canvas Converse Chuck Taylors, Sunglasses: Karen Walker.  Another great purchase.  Enjoy your All Star White Canvas Shoes.  I am sure enjoy my asian cutie wearing hers.", 'Nice quality, great fit, and a fun pair of shoes that are reflective of my personality. Makes you stand out.', "I bought these for my eight year old little sister and she's loving them. She says they are very confortable, very bright and vivid color and loves showing them off. Her first pair of chucks! I'm a proud sister! Very good buy, arrived pretty quickly as well. Great stiching and laces (came with two pair-black and white) If you're getting these shoes to work in, I don't recommend. They are made tobe confortable but have very little sole support and the toes are kinda squished so perfect for little feet (like mine and sister's)  I have bought three pairs from this site, very great buy!", 'El vendedor debe revisar las opciones, Me enviaron unos calzados de recien nacidos y seleccione uno de ninos, mi hijo esta muy molesto.', "Love itWas a pr&auml;sentIt was verry NiceEvery BodyLiked itAnd gave onlyCompliment's on the item", 'I got these to replace a pair of the exact color that I got in 1995.  They &#34;mysteriously&#34; disappeared when we moved. I love love these shoes.  They are the classic in a really fun color.', "These shoes run so big, and the size is very confusing. I emailed to find out if I could just exchange for a smaller size, but they won't do that. I have to send them back, and buy another pair. No thanks.", 'From high school on, these have been a staple. Nothing much to them, just canvass and a fairly poorly supported insole on a fairly sturdy shoe bottom.  Cool and comfortable, these are the perfect &#34;knocking around&#34; shoes. No delivery issues - came in the two business days promised by Prime.', 'Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Lo Top Black Monochrome CanvasI love this Converse, excellent quality and stile looks sexy :)', 'This shoe is as to be expected strong and durable for my teenager - she loves it and I am very happy with this purchase', "These are killer--so cute and comfortable.  I recommend for women who don't have a lot of money but want to look chic.  Wear them with black or brown or tan--wear them with anything.", 'You cant go wrong with Chucks. I have been wearing them for the passed year out here in Afghanistan. They hold up nicely in the rough terrain and keep my feet cool during the summer months when the temperature reaches 130 F degrees.  When I am back in the states, I wear pencil skirts and pumps to the office but I will never outgrow Chucks. I wear them on the weekends during coffee runs or for grocery shopping.', "If you want Chucks, you're gonna get Chucks. Just be aware that the support in them is pretty poor. Walking in them makes me feel like I have a high ankle sprain.", 'These were huge for my son.  Which is likely on me... we just put them in his closet for next year and bought a second smaller size for this year.', 'I did not know that Converse stooped that low to get their products made in Vietnam or else I would never have bought them for my young nephew.', "Okay I love everything Converse. I already had pairs of Converse in sizes that fit me, so sizing wasn't an issue at all, I ordered the size that all my other Converse are, and it fit me well.The green color is just awesome though, lots of people have commented on them. I like Converse in every color, but the greens are probably one of my favorites.If you like Converse All-Stars and you like the color green, then go for it.", 'Purchased these for my 12 yr old daughter and she is in love with them.. wears them EVERY day.  Shipping time was immediate!  I cannot complain.', 'always wear a size 11 in every shoe.  these were too big but i wear an orthotic/insole so they were perfect.  most definitely order a size down', "I really love shoes. I'm always looking for shoes. This pair cought my atention because of its color, a very nice and uniform green that goes perfectly ok with jeans or shorts. I use to wear them for my afternoon walks, to go to the beach and for any casual event like coffee with friends, the movies and so. I like these shoes a lot!!", 'This Product is highly recommended.Ordered my regular shoe size. Perfect fit.Color, Material and size exactly what I wanted.', 'the shoes look good, they are confortable, and the price is not that high, these are the classic converse, they are good', "I bought these shoes specifically to wear while I am performing squat exercises when working out. Of course, I wear them for the whole workout, not just during the squat. I don't wear them any other time, they are strictly gym shoes for me.For working out they are excellent. They keep my feet flat and stable when I am straining to lower and raise the weight bar on my shoulders. They are comfortable and utilitarian during the other exercises.I would not wear them as everyday shoes - to me they are not *that* comfortable. I only wear them for about six hours a week, but they are good quality and still look brand new after many months. If they wear out before I do, I will certainly replace them with the same brand and style.", 'I love my classic converse! The are very comfortable and I can wear them with pretty much anything! I love them! They are exactly what they described them to be! Very nice!', 'Perfect bright color, love these Chucks! A perfect new look for a wonderful classic, goes with everything, but gets noticed, too!', "Getting these in white wasn't that easy, had to wait a couple of weeks for the price and size and color options to be right. But finally got them and my girlfriend was pretty happy! The fit just right.", 'One of the very few places that sell these above a size 13 and a few dollars cheaper than buying directly from Converse.These are the real deal, in case there were any concerns!', 'I bought these for my daughter who wore her previous Converse into the ground.  She was a little hesitant about the gray color, but likes it now. She gave them 4 stars because she wishes they had arch support.', "I've many many pairs of Chucks in my life and these were just what I expected. True to size, great color, and awesome quality. The shipping time was decent.", 'These shoes hold up better than any of the imitation ones I have tried with a similar style, so they are all I was hoping for.  Good quality and the style I like.', 'This is a great looking, simple looking sneaker or deck shoe in a variety of colors. I wear an 11 1/2 EW (EEE). These shoes were only offered in D widths, so I bought 12D. It fits my foot length and width, but it\'s a little tight from the top of my foot to the sole of my foot. I wear a 1/2" lift in my left shoe, but it won\'t fit in this shoe. I wear this sneaker without my lift if I\'m driving with only short walks outside the car. The soles don\'t afford much protection if I step on a walnut in my back yard - so I try not to do that. I bought these shoes in green and red. The first time I wore them, a young man passed me and said, "Great Chucks."', "I've always loved Converse shoes as they are trendy and comfy. I absolutely love the shoes, though the color I chose (Parasailing) it's a little bit different from the one shown in the picture, a little more towards green than turquoise. Nevertheless, I am happy with my purchase. The seller is concerned about getting feedback from the customer on their overall purchase experience., which I think it's great.", "I wanted a pair of low-cut Cons All-Stars for just hanging out, and as a reminder of the ones I wore as a kid.  But for sure I didn't want to spend a hundred bucks!  These are great.  Fit is good, quality good, and they came with an extra pair of shoelaces!  No arch support at all,  but you need to know that before you buy, so you won't be disappointed.  I put in a pair of my Dr. Schols inserts and I'm a happy camper, lol.  Have been wearing them constantly since they arrived.", "I have been wearing Chucks since I came out of the womb. I've been through many pairs, and after I decided to retire my old black ones due to a blown out heel I wanted to go with something new. The white is really an eye catching color, and more subdued in person than some of the pictures out there. BE WARNED, Chucks are about a size bigger than your actual shoe size. For example I wear a size 7 in women's, which would be a size 5 in Chucks, but these are really too big so I went with the size 4. I find the white adds some contrast, especially if you wear dark colors like I do.", "These are green converse and they are awesome. I am a converse whore. My closet is filled with all the different colors. I can't stop myself!", 'I love these shoes!!!  I am a size 81/2 normally in girls and most shoes look horrible with my skinny jeans.  These shoes make my feet look petit and go perfect with my skinny jeans.', "Unlike what other reviewers said, this shoe is EXACTLY the correct size. I will say, though, the tag on the inside of the shoe has weird sizing information. for instance, it says that my size 11.5 men's shoes (US) are size 9.5 Mens (US)... I ordered 11.5's and these are, in fact, 11.5... I have no idea why the sizing info on the tag is wrong as these do not appear to be counterfeit shoes.", "I bought them as a present for my boyfriend and he couldn't be happier. The color is vibrant and full of life! Also, converse are great shoes.", 'Do these shoes always run so big?  I had to sell them to a friend who has a much bigger foot than I.', 'The shoe is as expected, although a little more mushroom colored than the gray I was expecting, and there was no extra pair of black laces even if it clearly stated that there would be. So, the price was good and the shoe fits, but the lack of the &#34;extras&#34; lost it one star in my estimation.', 'I have been looking for a great pair of Converse to wear with skirts and dresses. It has taken a while to find the right color, but I love this dark green. It is unique but subtle and very versatile. Obviously, the structure of these shoes is well known, the sole is thick and strong with good tread, and it laces up high. My one issue is they ran a little big. I usually wear a 9 1/2, but I knew I wanted to wear them without socks, so I bought a 9. Even the half-size down, they are a little big. Still, a great shoe and fabulous color!', "I thought I'd never be able to wear chucks because I'm a half size, and they only seem to sell whole sizes at the stores. I finally realized I could just buy them online! The shoes took about a week to wear in, but now they fit my feet perfectly.", 'Great shoes!  Reliving my younger days is great in these authentic Chuck Taylors!  Retro never looked so good!  Love them!', 'Chuck Taylors are about as classic a pair of sneakers you can buy.  These pink ones have a great bubblegum color and are perfect for the lady in your life who wants to rock pink kicks and look cool.', 'This are my favorite shoes.  For some reason they make me feel slightly quirky.  I wear them whenever I need a little positive mental boost (like taking a mid-term!).', "These are the standard Chuck Taylors so not a ton to say but...* These are MUCH brighter than the picture, at least in pink.  It's refreshing but also a bit intimidating.* I said in another review for a different color that buyers should go half a size lower than normal.  I repeat that here in this case.", "This is my second pair of chucks so I kind of knew what to expect. I also have a pair of high tops and love them but decided to get a low top for the summer. I got them in carmine rose and they are such a pretty color, so glad I went with them! It is a light and airy shoe for spring and summer and the color isn't too girly or childish, I just love it. They will look cute with anything from shorts to skirts to jeans. Converse is a go to classic. But, if you need arch or ankle support these are not for you.", 'First pair of converses and look really good. I went with red cause its cheap but they look great!! word', 'These are classic Converse shoes.  They arrived quickly.  The fit was true to size and they look great with our school uniform.', "Product itself was great, but the size wasn't marked well, so I ordered a 2 toddler.  My daughter is 8 years old so I needed a 2 youth.  Watch the size you order!", 'call me crazy, call me weird, call me what you want. A girl in chuck taylors is a girl in my heart. high heels schmigh heels. chucks are where its at. The low key throw em on and classic style you see everyone wear. The first of many for my girlfriend, she will have about 13 different colors ^__^', 'I love my chucks they fit perfect. It was exactly what I expected and at a great price. I would definitely recommend it to everyone that falls between sizes cuz the stores usually only Carrie the full sizes. Half sizes make a difference.', 'My... 10th pair of cons in 10 years.  If you have never owned a pair of Cons, they will last about a year of regular use.  They are not good in bad weather.  They do not have any arch support or cushioning on the sole.  They are not waterproof.  They have poor traction.  That being said, I love them just the way they are.