'Great for  a toddler, perfect size for the little ones. Durable and no chocking worries at all. Enough in the purse to role play and hold interest great price too!', 'i love it its cute my daughter plays with it she feels like a little lady with it . .', 'my 2 year old daughter loves this product! she is not crazy about the purse which is pretty small but she really likes the things that come with it. I wish the phone would have been made to work with batteries, so it would make a noise or something but it is just a piece of plastic with fake buttons.', "My 20-month old granddaughter loves to go through Mommy's purse so I was sure she would love this one - but not so.  The phone doesn't do anything and doesn't look mom's smart phone, the mirror is tiny, the credit card wallet is hard too open. Mostly, the things just aren't 'real' enough to match what Mom has. It was tossed in a corner after the first day and hasn't been used since.", '&#34;What is thaaaat?!?&#34; That was the shriek exclaimed by my 2.5 y/o when she opened this up on Christmas! She is so super excited about this purse set... She loves the credit card, phone and &#34;Chapstick (lipstick)&#34; the most. The size of the enclosed items are. Perfect for a toddler. The price was really good, too. We are definitely very happy with this purchase. Oh, for those who may care, the mirror that came with her set was yellow vs the shown blue, just FYI.', "I haven't opened it yet but it looks really cute.fast delivery also!cant wait to give it as a gift to my 2 year old shes going to love it!", 'This is adorable.  The fabric of the purse is nice and soft and the little items inside are cute.  I like the size of it as well.  Not too large, not too small.  My granddaughter will love it.', "My daughter wanted a toy cell phone, (911 dispatchers probably wouldn't agree its a good toy, but oh well) so I got to looking and I got this set for just a little more than just a phone would have cost.  She loves all of it and carries it around the house, she just turned 4.  Great product for the price, I would recommend it.", 'I sent this to my granddaughter for Christmas and never heard back or got a thank you or even if my granddaugter received it. I am only guessing that it was all that it was suppose to be. Since I had it sent to myself and I wrapped and sent it to them myself I did get a look at it from outside the box. It looked pretty good quality to me and I would have bought it for my daughter when she was little if they had it then, I would still recommend it as a nice gift as it came in a very sturdy box and everything looked like fun to me.', "My daughter was in love w/this for about 5 mins (she's 2)...then she threw everything all over the place & never looked at it again.  Maybe I'll put it away & regift it to her next year.", "My daughter likes this toy, I was disappointed that the little pink phone didn't have push buttons. Other than that the toys is cute.", 'My twin cousins loved this! They are not yet two but said &#34;ohhhh&#34; and sighed like they were so elated :)', 'This is a great little purse, and my daughter still plays with it a year later. The design is very cute, but the phone could be better (like if numbers could actually be pressed and perhaps sounds made). When you put all the accessories in the bag, it is pretty full and barely closing. But my daughter has since found a better phone to put in her purse, along with the rest.', 'got for my niece and she had a blast with it. the only bad this is that the little parts all get lost and now she does not have half of them.', "It's very durable, perfect for your &#34;little princess&#34;.  Now my 2 year old princess is using it, and loves it, now she has her bag /phone and make-up too!  So cute!", 'I gave this as a gift for the daughter of a friend. I was not able to check the age requirement but it turns out, the gift was still a hit, especially the cellphone. This is a good buy.', 'My daughter is 1 and loves to play with this purse. She takes the items out and outs them back in. She also tries to talk on the phone and thinks the debit card is fun to carry around.', 'SHE ESPECIALLY LOVED THE LIPSTICK & PASSED IT AROUND THE TABLE.  IT WA SO CUTE WATCHING HER JOY FINDING ALL THAT WAS IN THE PURSE.  GOOD BUY GRANDMA', "I bought this for a gift for the neighbor and it was perfect - she was turning 2 and was just starting to get into her mom's purse.", "I got these for my daughter because I favor black Converse Chuck Taylor All-Star high-tops myself when I wear sneakers, and she likes to clomp around in them, so I thought I'd get her her own pair. Once she found out they come in pink, no other color would do.  Sigh.  But they are SUPER cute, and the lacing up the ankles means they fit tight and won't come off, but lots of room to grow through the toes.  One drawback, the laces are hard for a toddler to manage, and she has extreme difficulty getting them off by herself.", 'Product came on time, was exactly as described, were the correct size and the correct color. I had no problems with this order. When I was going through the reviews, I noticed quite a few complaints, and was worried. I needed new sneakers and figured 40 bucks was not all that bad for the shoes. I used to wear Chucks until they fell apart, and will probably do the same with these.', "My daughter had me order the for her for her first year in high school. They arrived as expected, fit perfectly, and she's happy. It doesn't get much better than this!", "This is a great high quality pair of shoes. The canvas is high quality and the stitching looks good. The inside of the shoes are also great. Buy chucks here for $20 ish less than at other places. Also make sure to buy a half or a full size smaller than what you normally wear. If you get these in the correct size you won't be dissapointed! If you found this review helpful please make sure to hit the helpful button to help others see this too. Thanks!", 'I gave this snikers to my 15 year-old son and he loved. It has a juvenile color and it can use it daily, are confortables, the color is durable. Their friends have liked it. I recommend it', "I work with a friend who is the biggest Chuck Taylor fan of all time.  She has who knows how many pairs of Chucks (over 20), and always seems to wear a different color every day.  So to be a good friend, I had to get a pair.  Red, being one of my favorite colors, seemed the right choice.  I bought size 6.5 Men's, which translates to 8.5 Women's.  The fit is good!  These are heavier than I would have expected, but they aren't uncomfortably so.  They are very sturdy considering so much of them is made from canvas.  My feet feel well supported.  While I probably won't go bonkers over them, I might have to invest in a second pair.", 'Order a size,up..always with this style and brand as my son has bought several pairs and loves them.good quality..arrived on time well packaged', "I purchased these for my daughter's hip hop dance competition routine. Pricey but very good quality. All white. These are stated in men's sizes so be sure to convert to women's. For example, men's 3 is women's 5. There is a chart listed either by seller or on Converse website for reference. These worked out well and hopefully get to use next year for the competition routine so we can get return on our investment. $70!", 'These are RADICAL! These are really hot with black jeans . Buy one size smaller than you normally buy shoes, these run large.', "Simple, comfortable and lightweight shoes. Dense fabric. Good quality rubber, soft sole. I hope that will be pleasantly worn.Delivered in a timely manner. I'm quite happy.", "Love my converse! I remember them from high school, and they also ran a half size too big back in the day.  Once you get the right size, they're great.  I wear a 8 (womens) and ordered a 5.5 in Men's.", "I'm a major Converse fan, I like to collect them in all different colors, why not pink? I already knew my Converse size from the other Chuck Taylor colors I already owned, so sizing wasn't an issue at all, even though most of my other Converse are low-cut Oxfords. The high-tops can take a little more work to get onto your feet, but it's worth it I think for the high-top style. And the pink is a nice subdued shade, not a gaudy hot pink or anything like that. Definitely recommended for both women and men who are secure enough in themselves to go out and about wearing pink Converse. They look great.", 'All star is my favorite brand of tennis because thier durability, thanks for sending it just on time, Im very thankful.', 'Well made, wider cut than adult version to fit blocky toddler feet and chubby ankles.  Completes that old school hip hop everyone wants for their kid.', 'This was exactly what I was looking for. If you are shopping for this item, you will not be disappointed.Item arrived within 2 days.', 'i had some converse and long story short i drew on them and they got messed up so i got a new pare and these are perfect. fit good. and these are mens. ok so these shoes say mens five but really they are a womens 7 i think or 7 and a half! so just go on google and search what your size is in mens and you can get the mens ones too. they are exactly the same as the womens so ya! i hope this helped', 'I bought this product for my Boyfriend, and he loves it. Leather is better than plain cloth. Easy to make it white. Very neat and cool. Perfect with jeans. Casual, but looks clean.', 'My Doctor Who wannabe son asked for this shoes, and he is THRILLED with them. Fit well and look great with a red bow tie and fez.', 'Nice fit, looks like the picture. Delivered promptly, price was excellent. No issues at all would recommend to others. thanks', "They're classic converse - what is there to say!?  I've never had a pair, but they fit as I thought they would.  They're a little more narrow than I expected, but that's not really a problem.  They fit true to size... I originally got a slightly larger one, but sent it back for my true size.", 'Maybe I should have exchanged them for a bigger size, but when I tried them on they fit fine.  They were perfect in the length so I thought the sizing was ok.  But after an hour my toes feel pinched and hurt. They look super cute but it is really hard to wear them for any period of time.  My feet are not wide by any means, so it was disappointing to have this issue.', 'These have been a staple in America for decades. They are sturdy canvas that wears extremely well over time. The soles are rubber and glued. After extreme wear, some parts that are glued can get loosened. Shoe goo can be used to make most if not all repairs on these. So they can last longer than nearly any shoe. They make them exactly like they did decades ago, with the same quality, with one caveat, Converse, the iconic American shoes, are now made in China. This may or may not matter to you. It does matter to me, due to labor practices, and environmental standards, which is why I typically buy New Balance shoes, still made in the USA as of 2013. I\'ve worn made in USA converse in the past, but never the new China-made ones. On arrival I couldn\'t tell any difference in the shoe itself, just as sturdy as ever.On a side note: This particular style is pretty trendy among celebrities. My wife saw this color/style on some female singer and had to have them. Lots of female celebrities buy these "male" high-tops. Which I find interesting, it doesn\'t look bad at all, but it definitely screams trendiness to me. You can google "celebrity Converse" to find pictures of the myriad of celebs who don Converse. If you do or do not want to be trendy, is your call, but these are definitely being revived in current "pop culture". To my wife, that is great, emulating her favorite artist, to me, I wouldn\'t be caught dead in them due to that reason alone. Although I thought about buying a matching pair just to confuse her, and be "that" weird matching couple, since pop culture has made them unisex lol.Hope that helps!', "I've been wearing Chuckie's since I was a kid(over 40 years!!). Original Chuck Taylor's are the biggest icon ever to hit sneakers, with the same bulletproof looks and simple construction throughout the years. They might offer zero arch support(easily fixed with a set of insoles), and can wear down a bit faster than newer brands, but there is no denying that, for the price paid, there's no finer example of what a sneaker is.With all of the new colors available, it has and will always be the king....buy a pair and find out for yourself why.", 'Excellent!! They fit my daughter perfectly. They are her second pair . The first pair lasted and lasted !ThAnks for a great pair of shoes !', "Bought these for him and he enjoyed them. Very flexible and easy on your feet. I own a pair of these myself, and although the sole can get scuffed very easily, it's still a great shoe in regards to running or when you need black shoes for your outfit. Runs a half size bigger than usual so know your size before you order onlinel", 'Cute. Functional, Comfortable, Easy to Clean. My daughter liked the all black design. Exact same quality always delivered by Converse.', 'Arrived in good time, fit like a dream, perfect for the actor playing Gladys Herdman!  Just a little pricey but worth it. .', "My 13 year old daughter loves this shoe and said it looks even better than displayed. It's very comfortable and the price appeared to be the lowest that we saw at the time the order was placed.", 'Got so many compliments on the color. They look really nice on and are so comfortable. Wore them with my Breast Cancer Awareness shirt and jewlry, and they matched perfectly!', "I remember buying these exact same Chucks for 39.99 not too long ago what happened since then? Other than that, still a great shoe, comfortable and classic. Wear them with anything anywhere. I did buy my normal size and half a size down but I ended up keeping my normal size. The smaller size did fit but I was more comfy in my normal size, I don't feel that they run abnormally large. I am now ready to order in pink and green next. I love the high tops, I never liked how the low tops looked on me, the high tops offer more option and style in my opinion.", 'Like:Great look.Dislike:This item weights a ton!Tongue moves around.Insole is so flat, I get sore feet after just 10 minutes walking.', "I didn't realize that I was suppose to purchase a whole size down, gave them to someone else and now they don't have my size anymore=-(", 'I live by converse. I wear converse everyday. It goes with everything and I love it. I really liked the black one and had always wanted to own one so I am happy XD', 'This pair was for my son. All 5 of mine love these shoes and wear them until they are literally in tatters.', 'I like the shoes but they sent me the wrong color (Kelly green instead of Charcoal) so I had to return them and order the correct color again which is a somewhat hassle.  Shoes runs a bit bigger but not too much; I had to tie the laces a little tighter.  They are good looking with reasonable comfort but not too much arch support. I guess you can say they are a fashion statement and good for short walks.  Overall, I like them.', "Nothing to tell you more about these shoes of what you surely already know. They are great, my favorite ones even because I live in the Caribbean and the canvas is fresh and my feet don't like sweating...", "I wear a size 7M and was leery about ordering one size smaller, but did it and I am very happy. I use orthopedics in-soles which fit inside nicely too. Very comfortable shoe and quality is excellent. Highly recommend. With Amazon, if the shoe doesn't fit, return it for the right size, but on your initial order I recommend ordering 1 size smaller.", "Unfortunately I ordered the wrong size. They were good enough to send UPS to my door to retrieve the sneakers. I loved them, but they didn't fit the baby. :) I would highly recommend buying these!", 'Good fit for my son who has a slender foot.  Good colors to choose from.....good fit......all good! Try a pair and see!', "I have always liked Converse All Stars and when I saw the charcoal color I had to have them. The size is good for me.  I had a blue pair (low tops) last year and they were snug on my right foot because of a previous injury.  Those were a size 8 so I got these in size 9 and now no more pain :) .  They run narrow in my opinion so if your foot is a bit wide I'd size up.", 'fits true to size i can wear this with anything since it being a darker shade of purple wont stand out as much but still has that color its great just what i was looking for totally would recommend to anyone!', 'My daughter loves converse so the fact that it fit her witout us having to return or try on in the store was a plus - it arrived on time', 'I love these shoes. True to form, these Converse fit well. I love the brightness of the light orange color.', "Converse has been making these for as long as my kid has been on Earth and longer and now he's asking for them. He loves them. This is his 4th pair, each in assorted colors. Nothing to complain about whatsoever. They don't really change much - which is **exactly** the point, right?", 'Purchased these as a Christmas gift for my daughter. She wears them all the time. I may borrow them as well.', 'Love my new, black converse!!! Nice fit and go well with my new pants!!! Very pleased with the product and delivery!! Thank you!!', "Ok the title is based on Julie Sarinana  check out her blog and you too will see why.  The shoes arrived on time to my girlfriend house.  A perfect fit she said, as she is wearing a mens 4.5 for her 6.5.  Strange I know but that how they are listed.  I purchased these Converse in White Canvas shoes for my little asian cutie she is 5'1&#34;  and maybe 118lbs.  My girlfriend will be wearing these new Canvas Converse at Disneyland.  She'll copy the amazing fashion style recommendation in Sincerely Jules  web site.  The complete outfit for the day at disney:  Tangerine Sweatshirt, Crisp WHITE Roxy Cotton Shorts, Sneakers: White Canvas Converse Chuck Taylors, Sunglasses: Karen Walker.  Another great purchase.  Enjoy your All Star White Canvas Shoes.  I am sure enjoy my asian cutie wearing hers.", 'Nice quality, great fit, and a fun pair of shoes that are reflective of my personality. Makes you stand out.', "I bought these for my eight year old little sister and she's loving them. She says they are very confortable, very bright and vivid color and loves showing them off. Her first pair of chucks! I'm a proud sister! Very good buy, arrived pretty quickly as well. Great stiching and laces (came with two pair-black and white) If you're getting these shoes to work in, I don't recommend. They are made tobe confortable but have very little sole support and the toes are kinda squished so perfect for little feet (like mine and sister's)  I have bought three pairs from this site, very great buy!", 'El vendedor debe revisar las opciones, Me enviaron unos calzados de recien nacidos y seleccione uno de ninos, mi hijo esta muy molesto.', "Love itWas a pr&auml;sentIt was verry NiceEvery BodyLiked itAnd gave onlyCompliment's on the item", 'I got these to replace a pair of the exact color that I got in 1995.  They &#34;mysteriously&#34; disappeared when we moved. I love love these shoes.  They are the classic in a really fun color.', "These shoes run so big, and the size is very confusing. I emailed to find out if I could just exchange for a smaller size, but they won't do that. I have to send them back, and buy another pair. No thanks.", 'From high school on, these have been a staple. Nothing much to them, just canvass and a fairly poorly supported insole on a fairly sturdy shoe bottom.  Cool and comfortable, these are the perfect &#34;knocking around&#34; shoes. No delivery issues - came in the two business days promised by Prime.', 'Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Lo Top Black Monochrome CanvasI love this Converse, excellent quality and stile looks sexy :)', 'This shoe is as to be expected strong and durable for my teenager - she loves it and I am very happy with this purchase', "These are killer--so cute and comfortable.  I recommend for women who don't have a lot of money but want to look chic.  Wear them with black or brown or tan--wear them with anything.", 'You cant go wrong with Chucks. I have been wearing them for the passed year out here in Afghanistan. They hold up nicely in the rough terrain and keep my feet cool during the summer months when the temperature reaches 130 F degrees.  When I am back in the states, I wear pencil skirts and pumps to the office but I will never outgrow Chucks. I wear them on the weekends during coffee runs or for grocery shopping.', "If you want Chucks, you're gonna get Chucks. Just be aware that the support in them is pretty poor. Walking in them makes me feel like I have a high ankle sprain.", 'These were huge for my son.  Which is likely on me... we just put them in his closet for next year and bought a second smaller size for this year.', 'I did not know that Converse stooped that low to get their products made in Vietnam or else I would never have bought them for my young nephew.', "Okay I love everything Converse. I already had pairs of Converse in sizes that fit me, so sizing wasn't an issue at all, I ordered the size that all my other Converse are, and it fit me well.The green color is just awesome though, lots of people have commented on them. I like Converse in every color, but the greens are probably one of my favorites.If you like Converse All-Stars and you like the color green, then go for it.", 'Purchased these for my 12 yr old daughter and she is in love with them.. wears them EVERY day.  Shipping time was immediate!  I cannot complain.', 'always wear a size 11 in every shoe.  these were too big but i wear an orthotic/insole so they were perfect.  most definitely order a size down', "I really love shoes. I'm always looking for shoes. This pair cought my atention because of its color, a very nice and uniform green that goes perfectly ok with jeans or shorts. I use to wear them for my afternoon walks, to go to the beach and for any casual event like coffee with friends, the movies and so. I like these shoes a lot!!", 'This Product is highly recommended.Ordered my regular shoe size. Perfect fit.Color, Material and size exactly what I wanted.', 'the shoes look good, they are confortable, and the price is not that high, these are the classic converse, they are good', "I bought these shoes specifically to wear while I am performing squat exercises when working out. Of course, I wear them for the whole workout, not just during the squat. I don't wear them any other time, they are strictly gym shoes for me.For working out they are excellent. They keep my feet flat and stable when I am straining to lower and raise the weight bar on my shoulders. They are comfortable and utilitarian during the other exercises.I would not wear them as everyday shoes - to me they are not *that* comfortable. I only wear them for about six hours a week, but they are good quality and still look brand new after many months. If they wear out before I do, I will certainly replace them with the same brand and style.", 'I love my classic converse! The are very comfortable and I can wear them with pretty much anything! I love them! They are exactly what they described them to be! Very nice!', 'Perfect bright color, love these Chucks! A perfect new look for a wonderful classic, goes with everything, but gets noticed, too!', "Getting these in white wasn't that easy, had to wait a couple of weeks for the price and size and color options to be right. But finally got them and my girlfriend was pretty happy! The fit just right.", 'One of the very few places that sell these above a size 13 and a few dollars cheaper than buying directly from Converse.These are the real deal, in case there were any concerns!', 'I bought these for my daughter who wore her previous Converse into the ground.  She was a little hesitant about the gray color, but likes it now. She gave them 4 stars because she wishes they had arch support.', "I've many many pairs of Chucks in my life and these were just what I expected. True to size, great color, and awesome quality. The shipping time was decent.", 'These shoes hold up better than any of the imitation ones I have tried with a similar style, so they are all I was hoping for.  Good quality and the style I like.', 'This is a great looking, simple looking sneaker or deck shoe in a variety of colors. I wear an 11 1/2 EW (EEE). These shoes were only offered in D widths, so I bought 12D. It fits my foot length and width, but it\'s a little tight from the top of my foot to the sole of my foot. I wear a 1/2" lift in my left shoe, but it won\'t fit in this shoe. I wear this sneaker without my lift if I\'m driving with only short walks outside the car. The soles don\'t afford much protection if I step on a walnut in my back yard - so I try not to do that. I bought these shoes in green and red. The first time I wore them, a young man passed me and said, "Great Chucks."', "I've always loved Converse shoes as they are trendy and comfy. I absolutely love the shoes, though the color I chose (Parasailing) it's a little bit different from the one shown in the picture, a little more towards green than turquoise. Nevertheless, I am happy with my purchase. The seller is concerned about getting feedback from the customer on their overall purchase experience., which I think it's great.", "I wanted a pair of low-cut Cons All-Stars for just hanging out, and as a reminder of the ones I wore as a kid.  But for sure I didn't want to spend a hundred bucks!  These are great.  Fit is good, quality good, and they came with an extra pair of shoelaces!  No arch support at all,  but you need to know that before you buy, so you won't be disappointed.  I put in a pair of my Dr. Schols inserts and I'm a happy camper, lol.  Have been wearing them constantly since they arrived.", "I have been wearing Chucks since I came out of the womb. I've been through many pairs, and after I decided to retire my old black ones due to a blown out heel I wanted to go with something new. The white is really an eye catching color, and more subdued in person than some of the pictures out there. BE WARNED, Chucks are about a size bigger than your actual shoe size. For example I wear a size 7 in women's, which would be a size 5 in Chucks, but these are really too big so I went with the size 4. I find the white adds some contrast, especially if you wear dark colors like I do.", "These are green converse and they are awesome. I am a converse whore. My closet is filled with all the different colors. I can't stop myself!", 'I love these shoes!!!  I am a size 81/2 normally in girls and most shoes look horrible with my skinny jeans.  These shoes make my feet look petit and go perfect with my skinny jeans.', "Unlike what other reviewers said, this shoe is EXACTLY the correct size. I will say, though, the tag on the inside of the shoe has weird sizing information. for instance, it says that my size 11.5 men's shoes (US) are size 9.5 Mens (US)... I ordered 11.5's and these are, in fact, 11.5... I have no idea why the sizing info on the tag is wrong as these do not appear to be counterfeit shoes.", "I bought them as a present for my boyfriend and he couldn't be happier. The color is vibrant and full of life! Also, converse are great shoes.", 'Do these shoes always run so big?  I had to sell them to a friend who has a much bigger foot than I.', 'The shoe is as expected, although a little more mushroom colored than the gray I was expecting, and there was no extra pair of black laces even if it clearly stated that there would be. So, the price was good and the shoe fits, but the lack of the &#34;extras&#34; lost it one star in my estimation.', 'I have been looking for a great pair of Converse to wear with skirts and dresses. It has taken a while to find the right color, but I love this dark green. It is unique but subtle and very versatile. Obviously, the structure of these shoes is well known, the sole is thick and strong with good tread, and it laces up high. My one issue is they ran a little big. I usually wear a 9 1/2, but I knew I wanted to wear them without socks, so I bought a 9. Even the half-size down, they are a little big. Still, a great shoe and fabulous color!', "I thought I'd never be able to wear chucks because I'm a half size, and they only seem to sell whole sizes at the stores. I finally realized I could just buy them online! The shoes took about a week to wear in, but now they fit my feet perfectly.", 'Great shoes!  Reliving my younger days is great in these authentic Chuck Taylors!  Retro never looked so good!  Love them!', 'Chuck Taylors are about as classic a pair of sneakers you can buy.  These pink ones have a great bubblegum color and are perfect for the lady in your life who wants to rock pink kicks and look cool.', 'This are my favorite shoes.  For some reason they make me feel slightly quirky.  I wear them whenever I need a little positive mental boost (like taking a mid-term!).', "These are the standard Chuck Taylors so not a ton to say but...* These are MUCH brighter than the picture, at least in pink.  It's refreshing but also a bit intimidating.* I said in another review for a different color that buyers should go half a size lower than normal.  I repeat that here in this case.", "This is my second pair of chucks so I kind of knew what to expect. I also have a pair of high tops and love them but decided to get a low top for the summer. I got them in carmine rose and they are such a pretty color, so glad I went with them! It is a light and airy shoe for spring and summer and the color isn't too girly or childish, I just love it. They will look cute with anything from shorts to skirts to jeans. Converse is a go to classic. But, if you need arch or ankle support these are not for you.", 'First pair of converses and look really good. I went with red cause its cheap but they look great!! word', 'These are classic Converse shoes.  They arrived quickly.  The fit was true to size and they look great with our school uniform.', "Product itself was great, but the size wasn't marked well, so I ordered a 2 toddler.  My daughter is 8 years old so I needed a 2 youth.  Watch the size you order!", 'call me crazy, call me weird, call me what you want. A girl in chuck taylors is a girl in my heart. high heels schmigh heels. chucks are where its at. The low key throw em on and classic style you see everyone wear. The first of many for my girlfriend, she will have about 13 different colors ^__^', 'I love my chucks they fit perfect. It was exactly what I expected and at a great price. I would definitely recommend it to everyone that falls between sizes cuz the stores usually only Carrie the full sizes. Half sizes make a difference.', 'My... 10th pair of cons in 10 years.  If you have never owned a pair of Cons, they will last about a year of regular use.  They are not good in bad weather.  They do not have any arch support or cushioning on the sole.  They are not waterproof.  They have poor traction.  That being said, I love them just the way they are.', "This is definately a great bra, well made but it runs alittle small, imo.  It has a great support built in and I'm sure it would last a long time as the quality is great. I will try for another size!", 'This may be a good sports bra but it is for smaller cup sizes with larger band sizes. A lot of hooks to fasten.', "I'm a very active person with a 34DDD chest.  I am forever on a search for the perfect bra.  For sports, this is it.  I can wear it in my highest impact activities, and everything stays put.  It's not really attractive, and sure doesn't look great with a spaghetti strap work out top, but it does the job.  Getting into it is a little tricky; you start at the bottom hook and work your way up, adjusting your breasts as you go.  It is supposed to feel tight, so you might think you have the wrong size at first.  But after wearing it for a few minutes it feels comfortable.  ZERO bounce or movement.  Incredible!", 'I usually wear a regular bra plus two to three sports bras. Now I can wear just one. It is amazing!', 'I wanted a bra that kept everything in place whether walking, jumping jacks or running. This bra has kept up with the pace. There are alot of eye hooks, but it works. I would buy another one again if I needed it. I would recommend this bra to anyone.', 'Okay, I normally wear a 40 band bra, and an F/G cup depending on the brand. In a Lane Bryant Full Coverage bras I wear a 40DDD. I followed the measurements and this bra holds very well, but I have spillage at the sides and the top. The band fit correctly and I honestly feel if I went up a size the band would be too big. For myself I will seek a bra with cups and not numbers. This bra is awesome if you are a 40 DD, (40 DDD the biggest) as the sizing chart states. I give credit to the fact that for the cup sizes provided was correct. I guess my &#34;girls&#34; are just way too big. I will keep it and wear a compression vest on top of it.  My measurements did fit a size 4 though, so for ladies looking for some serious hold, definitely get this.', 'This bra is very durable and I love the thick straps that do not cut into my shoulders - LOVE IT!  However, the measurement method and sizes will not always be correct, as the recommended way to measure may be correct but the sizes recommended are not.I did the measurements as instructed and was given a size to buy and the cups are way too small - my breasts are spilling out on the sides.  Some may be wanting to say go a size bigger but if I do, the bra will be too slack, as it is the bra is very comfortable but the cups are way off.  I need a bra just like this but with bigger cups.  Any recommendations?', "I closely studied the strange sizing chart for this bra, and ordered a size 3 a few months ago.  This turned out to be too big, so I ordered a size 2.  The size 2 was way too small!  I am about a 38F; the 3 had too much room while the 2 didn't even fit around me.  This gap in sizing has me confused but maybe when I lose some weight I will decide to try this bra again.", "I bought a white Enell about 3 years ago and had it fitted in a store. So that was helpful because I was confident in what size I needed to buy. But the size chart provided is helpful and seems to be accurate for me. This is SO supportive and makes my workouts so much better. Also this is the only bra I can run in. I will say the purple one feels slightly cheaper than the white one I bought years ago. The straps are a little papery/less padded. I'm  not sure if that is because it's newer and they have changed them all or just this purple one is different. But either way it's still great and very supportive! Will probably order one more in black just so I have a clean one at all times.", 'After putting it on i cant breathe, I bought right size but its still smug. holds great though. Im gonna try a size up, if it werent so expensive', "This bra does what it claims it will do--it provides firm support even for plus sized women, and the support doesn't go away after washing.  I just wish it weren't so shiny.  It's not terribly attractive, just functional, but the straps will show with most clothing, so you may want a lacy camisole over this.  Unless they can change the shininess without reducing the support, I'll live with it 'as is'.  A great bra in terms of function!", "I bought the size that fits 34DD and I feel so constricted in this thing! It's not comfortable to run in for me. I feel like I can't draw enough breath. However, it does hold my top in place, so I don't move at all.", 'again, i bought this based on a recommendation of a friend, i absolutely hated the fabric it was a cheezy almost las vegas type shiny fabric, ugh also the straps were too short. i couldnt fit it right. did not like the front closure either,, you need a whole day just to get the thing on!dumb design in my eyes, i sent it back,', "Pros: no bounce, very supportive, holds everything in & even does some minimizing.The big con is their goofy sizing. I ordered according to the measuring system the company uses, which put me right in the middle of the #2 range. It turned out to be too small in the cups, especially. I experienced the same ass everyone else in that the band is waaaaay tight! It gave me head & neck aches wearing it the first few times, though I did not mind the extra back support. I read that this bra is supposed to be extra tight so I just accepted that. But I can't accept boob spillage out the sides & squishing them together in the middle. I love this bra, I love the idea behind what it's supposed to do. I guess I just need to do some re-sizing, maybe up one or two sizes & see how that goes. I really want to love this bra!", "I bought this as a valentine's day present for my partner, and we're both quite impressed with it.  The seams are tough, the fabric is wonderful, and the function is supurb... it keeps her breasts largely immobile even during the most vigorous exercise, and keeps her looking fabulous while she's doing it!", 'If you are blessed/cursed with large breasts you need this bra. I have never had another bra that actually holds you in place comfortably while you exercise without choking you. It is a bit pricey but definitely worth it. I would recommend this to any woman who never thought they would be able to do a jumping jack without hurting themselves or others! Terrific fit, great bra.', "I heard great things about this bra. I am a size 36 E (DDDD) and got the size 3. This should fit based on the measurements provided in the sizing guide. It is hard to get on, so I know I couldn't get a bigger size, but my boobs bounce around like crazy and hurt. I expected to have a lot more support", "This bra is so secure and hides some stuff too in the back. The bands on the shoulders are wide and don't hurt.  I love this bra so much that I purchased more of them and wear them as a regular bra. The only thing is sometimes I have to come out of them because of blouses with low cleavage or open shoulders.", "i can't wait to try  it on. it is so hard to find comfortable bra's that fit big busted women. i like the fact the hooks are in the front. order came fast!", 'keeps the ta tas in place!  go to there website for sizing info.  although front clasps are a bit tricky, i feel like i am in some kind of super hero bra suit armor type thing and feel excellent support at the gym.', 'This is a very nice wallet.  I purchased this one to replace the exact same wallet.  My old wallet was identical to this but was about 15 years old.  (They do wear out after 15 years of constant use.)  Buxton always makes beautiful quality leather goods.  I like that the change purse closes with a metal clasp and not a zipper.  I especially like that there is a divided change purse --- I use one side for pennies and the other side for all other coins.  Also,  I like that there are two paper money slots ---- I use one side for bills and the other  side for checks.  (yes I am very organized.)  I like this wallet very much.', "I absolutely love this wallet.  I've had it for about 2-3 weeks and its durable and pretty.  It looks exactly like the picture, its got plenty of space.  The only thing I will mention is that in the cash parts, there is an opening, so you can't put loose pieces of paper or anything in there, because it might fall out.  Otherwise its great, there is enough space for a bunch of cards, cash and change.  The wallet can feel a little bulky when completely full but its great.", 'I really like this wallet.  It has plenty of room for bank cards and I do not have to fold up the bills when I put them in the wallet.  The only thing that I was originally looking for and this did not have it, was to have my ID in a window outside the wallet so I would not have to open it up in order to show my ID.  Aside from that, it was just what I was looking for.', 'Have used this very same ladies wallet two times. It holds everything you need and hold up really well. Will definitely buy this brand and style again.', "I've been searching unsuccessfully for a few years for a French purse style wallet, as I do not like the long wallets.  This is absolutely PERFECT.  Holds everything and is beautiful to look at.  Buxton has always been an excellent brand, and they continue to produce beautiful and functional accessories.  I am very happy with my purchase.", "I like the looks of this wallet and especially the color, and all the spaces for cards and your license.  The only thing I had a problem with was the slots for your cards were hard to use. I had alot trouble pulling my cards out, I do like the wallet so I'm going to keep it and hope they will stretch out a little in time.", "When I was a young lady (am now 90), Buxton was a very good name.  It hasn't changed today, in my estimation, and I am quite pleased with the wallet I purchased.", "this wallet is absolutely perfect!  it holds everything I need, and keeps it all organized.  As for size, I would call it a medium sized wallet, it wouldn't be good for a small purse.", "This is the 2nd time I have purchased this wallet.  I love it!!  It has two places for folding money and a divided coin purse.  It also has many slots for credit cards and other cards you need to keep up with.  It also has a place for your driver's license.  Buxton makes a good, quality product at a very reasonable price.", "This leather wallet is soft leather, holds cash, cards, and change.  It is easy to close and closes tight.  Doesn't take up a lot  of space in your purse.", 'Just like all the others, this is the best wallet on the market. Made well and fits all my needs. Who needs a checkbook in the wallert anymore. I just keep the checkbook in a zipper in my purse for the few times I need it. I like the change purse without a zipper. This should last many many years.', 'This wallet is big enough to hold all my credit cards. I also love the two different places you can put your paper money in. Also I love the unique change purse which is divided  pennies on one side and quarters and nickles on the the other side.. Has two clasps on it. One for full wallet and the other one when less is in it. Nice leather on the outside and good man made material on the inside. Will be buying another in  different one as well.', 'I do not recommend this. Only the outer layer is real leather. They use the cheap fake stuff on the inside. THe wallet smells of cheap plastic. I will not buy this Buxton cheap wallets anymore.', "This is the closest thing I have found to a wonderful compact wallet I bought in Italy and used to death. It appears to be well made and I think it will stand up to wear. It has as many pockets and compartments as I need. I appreciate the change purse part that opens up with a snap fastener. Many other wallets have a small gusseted change section that is zippered and doesn't open far enough for you to see what change you have. I wanted something that didn't require me to empty all the coins out to find what I needed.", 'Trying to downsize my purse contents and this wallet is perfect.  It holds everything that was in my much larger wallet and I love the color.  Buxton has been making quality products for years and they continue to do so.', 'I love this wallet. It has a capacity that rivals theAlicia Klein Wallet "Park Avenue", and it looks amazing. I think that\'s all the more reason to give this wallet a try.', "I just ordered this item for my wife as a gift.  She was very happy with this product.  I don't know anything about it, sinceI don't carry one of these.  All I can advise to the customers is, what she said about this product.  She stated that itwas a well known brand, and she liked the soft leather and the well organized compartments in the billfold.  She reallyliked the quality and the full rich color of the leather.She advised that, a product such as this, is hard to find in the department stores locally.  She was very pleased with thelooks and color, and the percise arrangement and the design.  Must be a good one, she is very happy with it.The picture and decription of this item, is right on the money, on the sellers page.............", 'This was on the list of favorites for my girlfriend.  She just loved it!  It was the right size and color.', "I wear a 40DD but got the 40DDD instead since it was my first time ordering bras from Amazon. The fit would have been ideal if it wasn't padded. Women who already have large enough 'girls' do not need the padding. The bra looks perfect online, however, the workmanship left much to be desired. For example, the black lace  flowers design that covers the beige material needed some more attention to be paid to it. While the flowers were pretty, each flower bud and petal had thread sticking out (the flowers are sewn on). All the manufacturers had to do was just clip off the extra pieces of thread. I plan to do just that.", "this bra is really comfy and supportive. the only downside i have is that it actually rides a little high, so you can't wear it with lower cut tops or it will show.", "This bra is one of the most comfortable garments I've purchased in a very long time.  It provides the support I want while being comfortable and quite pretty also.  I have been purchasing bras at a much higher price, they were excellent; however, at this price and the satisfaction with the garment I'll be happy to purchase this item again.", "This bra fits properly and is beautiful.  It's nice to find a pretty bra in larger sizes.  Most of the pretty one stop at size 40.", "I love this bra. doesnt ride under arm or didn't even need any adjusting. Plan to buy a few more soon", 'This bra fits perfect and I bought it to go with my blue dress. It looks so sexy to, love it', "I'm usually a fan of playtex but this one just didn't cut it for me.  I had to return it because it was so uncomfortable on me.  There was no problem with the return.  I appreciate that.", 'Lovely, fits, and the lace pattern is gorgeous. Only 4 stars because I had to bend the underwire in the middle to make it not poke me in the underarm.', "The bra is certainly not one you want to wear out to the club or for good cleavage. It's incredibly comfortable and one of my favorite bras for lazy days. However, if you want to show the girls off, I suggest something else.", "This bra quickly became my favorite. I wear it practically every day. It's so comfortable and seamless! I can wear thin shirts and there are no bra-lines showing. Love it.", "The bra fits well but the cups are far larger than desired.  Your boobs won't just flop around, they'll look freaky.", 'This was a gift. This was excelent and  like it. Playtex is good. They arrived on time and has the quality and desing that amazons offers.', 'It is everything as described, however, for me that bra did not cover everything as I expected. Pretty, comfortable. Can also be used as a one size up pusher bra because it is thick enough, but it is not thick thick. I recommend it. My girlfriend liked it too.', 'I normally wear a 42 B but I had to buy a C in this. It fit but man is it scratchy material!', "Although the cups of my 32D fit, the back measurment is not right.  The bra will only fit around my back in the very last hook, which means that when the back stretches, the bra becomes useless because there's no where to go with the hooks.  It should have been made to fit on the very first hooks, so that I could always move in if I needed to.", "I'm wearing this bra as I type this rating.  It fits very well, and is extremely comfortable to wear.  I disagree with some of the other reviews that say this bra is &#34;scratchy&#34; - not at all!  Very smooth feeling and well made.  I will purchase more.", 'Great bra for the money, I just wish there where more colors to choose from for my size. Its great.', "I have to start out by saying, I thought this was the brand of bra I have been wearing for the last 8 years, (it looks exactly like what I wear) I didn't realize mine is a different brand until after I placed my order.. I am Sooo Happy I did order this Bali!! The fit (for me) is perfect!! It stays in place, the back is &#34;U&#34; shaped so I don't have to keep adjusting it through out the day!! It has GREAT SUPPORT, (I'm 64 yrs. old, 5' 5&#34;, 137lbs). I purchased a few T-shirts at the beginning of summer, little did I know how clingy they would be (I almost sent them back) with this Bali Bra however, I look great in those T's!!! I LOVE &#34;This Bali&#34; Soooo Much Better than my brand!!! I LOVE the U shaped back, I love the support, I love the comfort, and I Love the way I Look with this Bali Bra!!! I can't wait to buy more!!! Thank You Amazon and Under Moments!!!", 'I am enjoying my new bra. Well I have been buying Bali bras for years.  I have been very satisfied with them. I would continue to buy tthis product.', "Dave's wife:I bought this bra at a local small business and haven't been able to find the petite band size I need since then. I finally found it on Amazon for a better price than I paid in-store. Thank you, Amazon!", 'The Bali Flower Underwire Bra is the most worn Bra I have ever worn. I have several colors to wear and have never gone wrong with my attire. The underwire is uplifting and very comfortable', 'Myself and my girls are just loving this bra, they fit comfortable and i feel lifted.  I would recommend this bra to all the ladies in the house with no regrets this is a wonderful buy', 'I almost always order Bali bras because they are true to size.  I ordered 44DDD and it fits me perfectly and is very comfortable for maybe half a day.  After about 5 hours the underwire started to poke under my arms.  I much prefer not to wear any bra with an underwire because they are notoriously uncomfortable, but apparently there are none in my size.  The covering on the underwire is quite soft and cushiony but still the wires poke through into my under arms.  I am disappointed but maybe I am ordering the wrong size.', "The rings and adjusters are plastic in the DD's and below which I don't like, other then that they are a great fitting bra that looks great!", "Really cute looking bra, but a poor fit for me. I have used Bali underwire bras for years, but I've never had one that didn't fit me well. So I had to return this one to Amazon. And I have to say that I am so pleased with Amazon, the way they handle returns makes it so very easy for the customer. Thank you, Amazon!", 'Itchy, pointy, and VERY uncomfortable! How in the heck did this bra get so many good reviews? I think one star is one too many.', "This isn't as 'sexy' as some bras, but it looks GREAT under clothes, and is supportive without feeling constrictive. Sometimes when this is sold in outlets, something is 'off' in the material; it's a little scratchy....but from Bali or as this was sold from Amazon, it's l00% right.  Washes well and lasts so much better than some of the fragile bra fabrics.  Maybe not so special for 'date night', but for a great bra to wear all week, it's terrific.", 'First, some sizing notes: This bra runs big in the band. I wear a 30F or a 32DD, depending on the brand/style. This bra fits me perfectly on the smallest hooks. In the long run, that\'ll make it uncomfortable and big on me, but it\'s so awesome otherwise, I\'m giving it five stars, especially considering the low price.Small band sizes are hard to find. I\'m glad Bali makes some 32 bands. Most American companies do not, and those of us with the unfortunate combo of small band size/large cup size usually have to purchase very pricey European brands.  That\'s another reason I\'m giving this bra five stars. I paid sixteen dollars and change for it. It fits as well (and is more comfortable) than most of my fancy high end bras. No, it isn\'t as pretty, but one does need some plain bras!Yes, this bra is truly old school. It\'s not stylish enough to be called "retro." Has Bali been making this bra since the early 1960\'s? It looks like that might be true! Thing is, for those of us who are big and saggy, this shape can be very flattering. I\'m a small gal with a big chest, and old school bras are really great for my shape. No, I wouldn\'t wear this under a tight t-shirt, but it\'s fabulous under any other clothes. I am surprised at how "natural" it looks with clothes on, \'cause it really gives one old school torpedo shapeOn to the scratchiness that so many are complaining about. Out of the package, this bra feels really fake and almost plastic-y. That sounds awful, doesn\'t it? Well, I don\'t find it scratchy on, and believe me, I am very, very sensitive. I\'m always complaining about bras! This one is very comfortable! However, I would venture to guess that if it was too tight, it wouldn\'t be. The elastic seems less scratchy to me than many of my other bras, and this weird fabric actually feels quite good on. Another thing is the straps. Some have complained that they fall down. I am surprised by this, too, as I have very small sloping shoulders and I\'ve found the straps stay up easily.Gals, get fitted. If you\'re wearing a bra that doesn\'t fit properly, you\'ll be making the straps too tight, and that\'s when they start falling down a lot. A bra in the right size is a must. It\'s hard to find when you are my size, and I wish this bra came in a size 30, but it\'s so darned close to perfect and such a great price that I\'m very happy with it!', "Wow...I should have listened to the other reviews. While it looks comfortable-- it isn't. The edges alone are scratchy and the torpedo look I could move past as I've had one other bra do that to me in the past, but after some time it worked itself out. I'd have ignored it completely if not for the scratchy feeling at the hem lines. There for it's being immediately returned.", 'I wear a 38 DDD and finding a well fitting pretty bra was hard.  Found the Bali Flower over 30 years ago and it has been a very good bra for me.', 'bra is super cheap when it comes to material to have the bali name...supports as well as can be, but would not waste my money on buying this style again. should be on clearance rack or featured at much lower price', 'This is an awesome bra. It has a very full coverage old fashioned fitting style but it was perfect for me while I was pregnant.', "I chose this low rating because this bra is highly structured and not made for comfort. It's not right for me, but others may like and choose this type of bra. It reminded me of the 1960's.", 'I was doing a lot of reading online.  And the bras with the best support are seamed bras.  Most of the new seamless bras are overly padded and flatten me out.I looked at my local stores but it\'s very hard to find a seamed bra that isn\'t a minimizer in huge sizes.  Most start in D cups.This is an attractive bra visually and I would normally just order up one size,  but I look like I should be the musical "Grease."  Or in a 1950\'s TV show.My husband said I was a walking weapon in this thing.  I could use my breasts to poke the eyes out of a potential attacker.It does not look like the photo of it on amazon.  Anyone who put this on, would have to push their breasts into the front of the narrow part of the cup to fill it, and would end up looking pointy.', "Bras's are hard to find in the size that I need and this one came in the perfect size. I am glad I found it on amazon.  It gives excellent support.", "I have bought Bali bras before and have not had problems with them.  Had under wire bras quite a few times and didn't have problem with them either.  Have worn 1 twice and I was at work and I had to cut out the under wire is was so uncomfortable.  I will be returning the other 3 that I bought.  If I was smaller they probably would be alright, but being on the heavier side when I sit down there is not enough padding on the bottom of the bra to protect the mid-section.", 'Unlike other bra manufacturers, Bali always fits me. Tried a lot of manufacturers and a lot of sizes but Bali is consistent in sizing for me.'