'This mount is just what I needed.  It is strong and sturdy.  It folds almost flat to enable the television to sit square and flat against the wall if desired and extends and rotates for angle turns.  A perfect fit as long as you match the correct visa pattern for your television.', "This mount works really well once you get it up and going.  Only problem is just the arms are a little goofy getting them all in the right spot.  But that's really not too big an issue considering all the different TV's and their mounting hole locations.", 'for the price you just cant beat this item. I bought it for a house I was selling so I could hang some tv and it worked great. Good quality for the price.', 'Took a bit of work, but used this to fit an older vizio 32&#34; monitor to the wall to use as a compute monitor. Stable and like the ability to move the tv to different angles. The vizio was older and did not have the standard holes, this product fit and holds the tv very stable.', 'I used this for my 47&#34; Samsung. Its fit/feel is great. Easy installation. Appears strong; although I personally spent way too much on the tv to risk leaving it fully outstretched with too little lag bolts for a long time! It is very convenient to be able to move it away from the wall however and I would feel very comfortable tilt or swiveling if needed. The movement is fluid and easily adjustable.I am very pleased with my purchase.', 'I am very glad for buying it.  It is heavy duty and good quality for the price.  It was very easy to install.', "this holds up my 55inch sony with ease. make sure u mount this with ur own lag screws into the heart of the 2x4 ur mounting to and u won't have any problem--u may have to make a modificatoin or two but use ur brain and figure it out-- it'll be there till the house falls!!!3inch lag screws is the way to go don't be cheap go buy em.---how much did u pay for the tv????", 'I bought this for a 22" TV for my son. I mounted this onto the corner stud and it works great! I love the angles it can achieve. Fees Very sturdy and well built. It works perfect for my application. Very happy with this purchase!', 'This mount is easy to install and very sturdy and is very functional and very affordable for the price. A+', 'Works like a charm! Lies flat on the wall when I want it too and pulls out and swivels like a charm when I need it too!The instructions call for it to be mounted into a stud in the wall, however mine is mounted directly into the drywall using heavy duty anchors and it works perfect as well! This is a great product for an amazing price!', "I hung this in my house with great ease and it held up my 8 year old son because I wasn't going to put the 55&#34; flat screen on it to find out that it failed. Fully extends out 2 feet. This was worth the money.", "I live in a studio condo and I needed something to rotate to see from my bed and my couch on the other side of the main room. Once you figure out which instructions to use (several varieties are included to accommodate different scenarios and tvs), they are pretty thorough. Don't be afraid to tighten specific &#34;joints&#34; and loosen others to get it how you want it.Originally had bought a different one, and be careful of this, but it didn't didn't have near the amount of swing as this one does.", 'Holds the TV fine and the articulation is great.  We use it in a downstairs bedroom where we can move it to be seen from the bed or the treadmill.  Has cable mgmt as well.', 'Just to know that the TV will sit off center of where the base is placed. Other than that it has held up and worked.', 'Needed a corner mounted Flatscreen. This did the job well, easy to install. I had to mount in a metal stud, so I used two support boards in the back to distribute the weight more evenly. Expectations of item met at a fraction of the cost from competitors.', "Only gave this four stars because it's only supporting a 32&#34; TV. I think I would be scared to mount a 55&#34; TV on it. If you sprang for a 50&#34; or bigger TV, spend a little more on a properly rated mount. As with any TV mount, make sure you're hitting wall studs with the main screws, don't just use anchors in drywall or you're asking for trouble. LOTS of hardware included in the kit, so mounting any style or brand of TV shouldn't be a problem.", "Nothing fancy, just decent quality and simple installation.  As may have been mentioned, one must discard the provided Phillips screws that the manufacturer provides to affix the bracket to the wall stud.  Use your own.  The TV I mounted with it is an older flat-panel, so it's a little heavier than the news ones.  This thing isn't fazed, and stays where I put it.", 'Amazing how easy it is to move my 46&#34; around on this mount and able to hang off one stud. Nice quality feel to metal it is made of.', 'Very sturdy. The arm is very stiff at first so you have to work it lose.  However, the mount works great, just make sure you get that stud just right. I was impressed with the quality and happy with the price.', "Bought the mount for my 30&#34; Dell U3011 monitor.  It fits the Dell quite well, and I bought it for it's reach from the wall, it's ability to manipulate, and it's weight capacity.  And in all those respects, I'm quite happy.However, there is a noticeable tilt/sag to the monitor when I have the arm extended.  I'm not so concerned with sag perpendicular to the wall, as that was expected, but the rotational sag that I sometimes get.", 'This is a rather good tv mount. This tv mount works exactly as expected and described. I would buy again.', 'I had to use a hacksaw to cut away part of this to hang my 24&#34; LED TV in my bedroom. Other than that, seems to work fine.', "I have a 42&#34; Hannspree LCD TV. It weighs 42.5 lbs. Most other reviews said they had a TV smaller than this so I was a little skeptical but got it because of the good price and it said it could hold 60 or so lbs. Most of my reservation was because it was the first time I've mounted a TV and worried it would fall within a week. I've had it over a month and its nice to have it be able to swing out, extend, and angle. I like the fact that I can get a bigger TV and still use this mount as its in my living room. It was not too hard to install. I bought a stud finder because I didn't have one and most everything else I already had to install it. I do highly recommend recruiting some help with the install, at least for when putting the TV on. This would be extremely hard by yourself, especially if you have a bigger TV. Overall, very happy with this mount.", "I have two of these now in different rooms. Works well with my Samsung TV'S  for the size noted above", "We got this one recently and its a great wall mount. The unit is pretty heavy, so you will need a helper. It also includes a variety of screws to mount also. Our TV documentation stated it was a 400x400 pattern. But after putting hte plate over the back, seems we didn't need the extra extenders as its 200x200. This is on a Samsung 40&#34; 5000 series LEDTV.The arm is hard to push and pull, but that is more due to being new and stiff. Make sure you adjust the tilt angle screws as our unit came with them loose so we had to tighten them.I initially was scared to mount it (what if it falls if I screw up!!!) but its pretty easy. Not only did i use a stud finder to get the general location of the stud, but i also used nails to get the actual edges (those basic studfinders are never &#34;exact&#34;). make sure you do the same.not bad for $30-ish", "this is a good product.  It went up easily.  I did it myself.  I wish I might have gotten one with a little more adjustment.  It's very rigid.", "For the price.....can't be beat.  I have two TV's hanging in the living room.  No issues, easy to hang.  I would recommend to a friend.", 'Works Great. Holds my 40 inch TV effortlessly. Very well built. Definitely worth the price. Easy to install TV to the mount. Has cord clips. TV can be tilted up or down and sideways. Extends from the wall 24 inches. I highly recommend this brand..', 'I have a 47&#34; TV and had no place to put it in my bed room. With this mount it use the space i had a poster hanging. Very easy to install, came with all hard ware.', 'Great Mount, so many areas of articulation. This was a great gift idea my mother loves it. I have purchased two of them and they are sturdy and give a touch of class to every room you put them in. A must have any video file or those who want to save space in a bedroom or office.', "This is perfect for what I needed it for. I can move the screen from side to side if I need to and I don't have the TV sitting on my desk.....", 'have not had the opportunity to install the tv mount as of yet - will follow up once mounted in place. great price and quick shipping', 'Why pay the $$$$ at Best Buy when you can get the same products for a fraction of the prices here.  The VideoSecu Long Arm TV Wall Mount Low Profile Full Motion works great.', "Pro's: Easy to setup.  Supports many different VESA formats. Has some articulation.  Sturdy construction.  Can be installed by one person w/o too much effort.Con's: Cable guides fall off easily.  The joints are a bit too stiff; you really have to man-handle it to get it fully extended, and you have to push fairly hard to get it to compact again.  So far I have not noticed any wear from this firm pulling/pushing, but I worry because it is only attached to the studs buy 2 bolts.", "I bought the uint for a 32 &#34; Tando.  I couldn't get the parts to line up so I bought another fixed type.", "I used this to hang my 40&#34; LCD that I bought back in 07, so it's a heavy TV that outweighs my new 50&#34;.  Everything seems to be made well, it was easy to install myself, and the TV has been hanging for 2 months now from a brick wall at it's full reach.  I can't imagine paying $100 for other TV wall mounts, as well as this one performs.", "Totally love this product!! I bought two - one for living room, one for bedroom.  I decided to try my hand in the bedroom first (in case I got frustrated and didn't finish the project).I've gotten items needing to be assembled before with all the hardware in one bag -- not so with this product!!  I'm impressed! Every nut, bolt, screw, washer, etc. is clearly packaged (individually by size and labeled!)The Arm also comes assembled -- which I disassembled for easier handling (the wall plate is attached to the Arm with two Carriage Bolts / easy to remove and makes holding in place while bolting to the wall a breeze).Took me 1-1/2 hours from start (gathering my tools) to finish (hanging the TV)  Oh, and I'm a 56 yr old disabled female.  I do have a  lot of construction/tool knowledge however.", 'Used this for the bedroom. Put it in the corner but was only able to hit the stud with a couple bolts.', 'you can spend a ton of money on one of these, or you can buy this one.  hung a 32 inch tv with it with no problems.', "This is a really well made and engineered product which should be twice the price. It has every kind of leveling and tilting adjustment you could want, and a nice finishing piece that goes over the wall plate and lag bolts.  The mounting process can't be rushed and planning everything out before you start makes all the difference. Just make sure you find the middle of a wall stud for the lag bolts.It easily managed a 47&#34; led lcd which weighs 35lbs, and it might take the extra 10-12 lbs of a 55&#34; led lcd if it's not pulled too far from the wall. Since it can swing out over 20&#34; I'd be carefull about going bigger than the 35lb 47&#34; tv that I mountedThe only thing which was dissappointing were the two plastic wire holders which are junk (very flimsy, one was broken in the package) and shouldn't be included when simple black wire ties work far better.", "My flat screem computer monitor is very light and didn't need such a heavy duty mount.  The product is fine and would work for monitors much larger and heavier than my 20&#34; LED", "This is exactly what I needed.  It was easy to mount and supports my 40 inch TV (26 lbs) without any issue.  I haven't tested the extension brackets, but the rest of the device is very solid.  I will say that the hinges can be a bit tight, and it's not designed to be easily adjustable on the fly (you'll need a few tools).  If you plan on swinging your TV around a lot, this might not be the best choice, but it works perfectly fine if you only need to adjust it every now and then.  My favorite part is the small base.  I didn't have a lot of wall space to mount a TV, and this met my needs without eating all my money.  Keep in mind that you'll want at least two people to mount the TV on this device.  I attached my TV alone by precariously balancing it on a stack of boxes while I inserted the screws.  Speaking of which, I've mounted two TVs on this, and the box included screws which fit both (in addition to many more).  However, you may need a few more washers.", 'I have purchased this mount twice now - one for my bedroom TV, and one for my living room TV.  The bedroom TV is a 35" LCD, and the TV in the living room is a 55" LED.  (Surprisingly enough, they both weigh 50 pounds...)  This mount works very well for both of them.  It\'s relatively simple to install - you just need to find a stud and screw the support in to it.  (I will admit that my bedroom TV has been attached not to a wall stud, but a jury-rigged support brace on a cabinet.  It\'s still there and attached after 6 months.)I will say that the joints in the arms are quite stiff - it can take a little muscle to move the TV.  But I think I prefer that - it certainly doesn\'t feel flimsy, and it stays wherever I put it.A tip for would-be purchasers: make sure your TV supports this mount.  You can usually find your compatible VESA patterns in your user\'s manual.  (Or a quick online search, perhaps.)  As I often say - when buying online, it pays to do your homework.', "This device is somewhat weak even for the 46 inch TV weighing only 31lbs that I'm using it with. after some adjusting it's working ok.", "Very easy to setup, simple instructions, has all the mounting hardware and fits a huge different variety of TV's with great support.", 'It needs improment. I wish it has one more hole to put a screw on the wall.It looks shaky for 55 inch TV. However, it still holds it.', "Very good materials, very lightweight,  cheaper than others brands. I have a 47&#34; LG Led tv and it fit at 100%, and I'm capable of sell my tv, buy an 55&#34; and use the same mount without problems.", 'Great functionality, really incredible price, and a snap to install.  Honestly, ridiculously good product - wish they were all so easy.', 'Excellent buy! We are very pleased with this item. It performs very well. The instructions were clear. It was easy to assemble. It holds a 47&#34; TV very well.', "Warning, Do your homework before ordering a tv wall mount!!Mom and dad bought a 32 inch Seiki TV and needed it angled on the wall for optimum viewing. That is where I the eldest son came into the picture(pun intended).I knew in advance the location had plywood backing behind the drywall, which meant this mount would be easy to install as wood screws would be secure anywhere on the wall. But what if it was a typical installation, would there be a stud in the wall centered where needed to hold the tv and mount securely? It seems unlikely most people would, so what are the options?Option #1. Buy a different mount with a mounting plate rather than small 2 hole bracket as on this model. If you don't know what I am talking about, look at other tv wall mounts and you will see on many of these a large wall plate that can easily cover an area with at least one stud, and addtionally allow drywall anchors elsewhere on the plate to handle the weight of any tv. This model has only a small wall bracket with holes for 2 screws or anchors.Option #2. Use wall anchors. Again, there are only 2 holes in this bracket so take into account the weight of the tv and the rating of the anchors. Proceed at your own risk.Option #3. Install a stud. You're on your own with this...The mount is well made, everything fits and it looks good but as mentioned, a little homework will save you time and make installation easy.I hope this review is useful. :-)", 'Too Heavy and Poor weld quality .Lot of blow holes in welding, though painting was made nice to cover it or else it was made with inefficient welder. I think this is is not well designed by experts. Hope no calculations are involved in making it. Just copied the shape forms some other manufacturer.', "JUST IN STALL ANOTHER SAMSUNG 55&#34; LED FLAT SCREEN. OUTSIDE A  PATIO DECK AREA WHAT A DIFFERENCE THIS UNIT MADE.THE MOUNTING KIT WAS VERY EASY TO USE. AGAIN I DID UPGRADED TO  USING LONGER HEAVIER MOUNTING BOLTS. THAT WAS ONLY $1.00 MORE BUT IT'S WORTH IT IN THE LONG RUN. HERE IN EARTHQUAKE COUNTRY YOU NEES THAT SUPPORT. YOUR FLATSCREEN TV RETRACTS A FEW INCHES OFF THE WALL PLUS IT WILL LOOK SWEET FROM 2&#34; TO 24&#34; FROM WALL AREA", 'Was a perfect fit for my 32&#34; flat screen TV.  I would recommend this wall mount for that size tv', 'Good wall mount. Sturdy and does what it is supposed to do. In fact, it even held a larger TV than what it was listed as capable of holding. I believe I mounted a 42&#34; television with this one. Not a flat-flat one either. I mounted an older heavy thick one.', "This is possibly one of the best mounting kits I've ever purchased. I like the fact that there are pieces so the mounting kit can cater to all models of TV. (Whether they have a rounded or flat back). Mine had a flat back so I didn't need the extra piece, but once that step was cleared it was only a matter of minutes before it went up on my wall.  The adjustable arm is nice, as it is setup in our bedroom. At night the TV is angled towards the bed and makes it super easy for both of us to see up on the wall, and during the day its turned in another direction towards my desk - also making the ability to view the TV while working.The material is very strong, hubby did a pull up on the bar and it didn't even budge.  This thing seems as though it will last quite a long time.  It's already been up for over a month and it was a wonderful addition to my master bedroom, I'll be purchasing more over time for the other rooms in the home with larger model TVs.", 'Exactly as described.Very heavy duty.Lots of parts to make any installation work.Excellent value.Fits various monitors and tvs.', "I bought three of these mounts for all the bedrooms in my house. I love all three of them. All mounts have different tv's on them, One is a 50&#34;, 40&#34; and a 32&#34;. Product comes with multiple screw for different tvs. Outstanding product for the price. All tv's have been mount for a little over a year. This product is a full motion mount for $29.99!! and it is Prime!", 'Got my TV mounted with this above my PC and its been on the wall for a year now. No problems with it holds the TV well and its study. Way cheaper than store bought and its perfect for what I got i got a 37 inch HDTV', "The product is good and as described.I have a 32&#34; Vizio TV and somehow, this wall mount seems to be a little too weak for my TV. I still managed to mount my TV just fine, but gets a little paranoid that it will give in within the next few months because the mount won't be able to carry it.But the full motion swing feature is amazing! Especially if you are in a larger room.", nan, "Good, strong mount and quality hardware. Includes all the different size screws required to attach to TV if yours doesn't have them (or if you lost them).  There is just the right amount of resistance in the joints for it to stay where you want it but still easy to move around.  I mounted a shelf above the TV to get the cable box out of the way and avoid having to run a long HDMI cable through the wall.I took a star only because I received a different unit than the one pictured, It has 2 thick arms, rather than the 2-1 that is shown.  Honestly I think what I got is more attractive, but I believe that Amazon vendors should not substitute different products without authorization.  My unit also did not come with the extender arms in the picture, it has a mounting plate with all of the VESA mounting holes in the correct configuration.  My TV is 26&#34; so it fit perfectly.  I am sure my 55&#34; would fit on it too, but I have a different mounting configuration for that one.", "I bought this tv swing arm mount for my tv from amazon.Its been a good one its built heavy duty to hold pretty big tv .I would have anyone of my friends buy this same mount for their tv. It lets you hang it up and out of the way and also you can turn it out or in adjustable to see it from anywhere I set in my living room. This unit is easy to mount on wall and put together by yourself but if you have an extra person around it would make it a little better when holding the tv up when it clips in at top then screw and tighten and adjustments and like everything else I've bought from amazon it ships fast right to your door step.", 'Easy to attach. Easy to adjust. Very Solid and secure. Used on a clients 29&#34; LED with built in DVD.', 'I have my 32 inch Tv on the wall and it works great. Easy to install and came with all the parts. The screws that it comes with for the TV will not fit but you can buy some for 2 dollars.', 'My students and I used to huddle around laptops to discuss projects. Now I have a 47&#34; TV for display and this mount makes it possible to put it on any wall and swivel it in any direction depending on how many people need to see the screen. Really stable, no wiggling', 'It is a good value, but is not top notch quality. If you extend both arms in the same direction, the TV (30 inch) tilts. However if the arm goes right, then left, the play in the hinges offset each other and it works great.', 'Very strong for any tv, but I wish that it was little longer I am very happy with it and very strongly recommended.', 'Easy install!! Looks great and works great for what we need!! Purchased for game room, took 5 min. to install and 1 min. to set TV on. Great!!', 'The mount works, but it is unrefined compared to other brands out there. Purchased because it was on sale. just ok.', 'I consider myself to be a good DIYer. I\'ve installed mounts for my 2 Samsung 46" and 55" LED TVs with no problems for 5 years. So, for this VideSecu mount, inspite of poor installation instructions, I carfeully measured all domensions to fit my new 32" Samsung LED SmartTV in a limited kitchen space. My mistake was, based on the diagrams, I assumed that the length of both the swinging arms of the mount (the single and the double arms) were of the same length. What a disaster! After installing the mount when I mounted the TV and folded the arms the TV did not center itself to the wall side of the mount! It was then that I noticed the inner length of the 2 arms is about 4" longer than the outer single arm. In other words once the arms on the mount were fully folded in towards the wall my TV was not centered in the limited space that I had and looked awful. I don\'t know why the manufacturer did not keep both arms the same length. At least they shd have mentioned it in the instructions.This to me is a major product defect. Luckily with Amazon I was able to return this mount but had to pay return S&H;.', 'Works great for a cheap mount. Worked great on a 32&#34; Emerson LCD tv. Does everything as advertised! Can tighten or loosen joints for easier movement.', 'We needed something to Extend our tv away from the hot pipe for the winter and this wall mount did the trick. It went up with no a problems. It worked out very well!', "its a little flimsy and not the easiest to put together, for the price it works.  But for the quality i'd go with Cheetah.", "We needed a wall mount for a 32&#8221; TV that was going to be in the screened in porch.  This was one of the brands recommended by the guy that was going to install out wall mount.  I can&#8217;t speak to the ease or difficulty of installation but it looks great and we can swivel it if necessary for best viewing angle.  It's also pretty sleek so it doesn't butt out too much.  It arrived quickly and it didn&#8217;t take the installer long but of course he was a professional.  Looks great!", 'It works for the tv I bought but I had to use some of my own washers for the screws.  I thought it would have everything.', 'I have mounted a 42 inch old LCD. Easy to install. Easy to swivel, there is tilt option but it has to be locked by nuts(it can not be changed without loosing the nuts).', 'Could offer a little more in flexibility of installation, but once in place the set can be placed in just the right position repeatedly.', 'The directions stink. Just remember the spacers go under the arms if you have to use them and you will be ok.', 'Good quality.  Must mount on a stud.  I mounted to a metal stud by cutting a rectangle hole in wall, adding a 2 ft 2x4 in the metal stud track, patched the hole and then put up the mount.  Holds a 37&#34; TV without a problem,even added a DVD player to the bottom of the TV and it is still on the wall after about 8 months.  Price on this item was great and it was sent with FREE FREIGHT!', 'I have a full 42&#34; HD flat screen mounted on this. Not only does everything look better than strapped to a table, but the adjustability makes this mount a pleasure to have.  It was simple to attach to the wall and has a small footprint, being a single stud wall mount.  The other major point of this mount is how many sized TV or monitors the mount can be adjusted to accept.  My TV mounts solidly and the mount itself is solid, yet adjusts with little effort.  This is just plainly a good and solid product that is well worth the money.', 'This product is user friendly and versatile.It is easy to install and comes with everything needed for installation.Adding bidding could drill and bit', 'it was so easy to install.  the instructions were simple and so was the process.  i was putting off the project for fear.  i should have hung the TV long ago.', 'works great was pretty easy to put up and does the trick. it is my sons room and really works great.', "Easy to install, and works great. Television moves with ease and always feels secure. Doesn't loosen over time like other television mounts.", "Fits many different size TV's,  is very solid, and was easy to install.  I would recommend to anyone is even slightly handy.", "When we first bought our bedroom tv, we looked at the mounts in the store and almost fell over from shock at the prices.  This is one of the best prices I have found on mounts.  This mount went up easy and moves in all directions to get the perfect viewing angle.  it comes with everything you need but the drill and tv!  You won't be disappointed with this brand.", "If I need to order another, this will be the one.  I used this to mount a TV to the wall in my basement and it allows me to pull the tv out from the wall and turn it towards my desk so I can watch TV while working on the PC, nearly a 90 degree angle.  My TV is only a 32&#34; and I could see that this would work up to a 40&#34; or so, but if you don't need to turn the TV 90 degrees, you could get by with a larger TV.", 'I was hesitant about mounting my larger flat screen (47&#34; LG) onto the wall - what happens if it falls off!  After looking at mounts at Target and Best Buy that were $100+, would this possibly work?Fast forward...  The mount took about 20 minutes to install (too longer to locate the studs than mount it).  The TV is on the wall and works wonderfully.  Very solid mount and good articulation.My only comments are the cord clips included are very weak.  I will be replacing them with black cable ties.  Also - they do need to have a second locking screw where you hang the TV on the articulating mount - I can wiggle my screen (tilt) by about 1/4&#34; since there is only a screw on the bottom.Overall, I liked the narrow wall mount and the 20&#34; extension.  Definitely would recommend for a TV that is 47&#34;.', "Easy to install, with extra hardware for installing your TV. However, my TV had a curved back, so I used the included spacers to space the bars on the back of the TV. I was skeptical of the two lag bolts attaching the bracket to the stud under the drywall, so I added two 5/16&#34; lags, under washers holding the inside edges of the mounting brackets.After installing the Swing Arm wall mount, I grabbed the end of the bracket, fully extended. The bracket didn't sag a bit. I concluded that the supplied two lag bolts would have been sufficient.I've swung my TV out and exercised the various angles available, and found the swing arm not giving a millimeter.I fully recommend this wall mount. I've a few other VideoSecu mounting brackets for wall mounted and floor stand speakers and one for an 80-inch Sharp TV. All are quality products.", 'Purchased for my sister to hang her TV on a wall and she and her boyfriend reported back to me that mount works great with the 42&#34; Vizio TV she got for Christmas and was up securely in no time.  I looked around in the retail stores and found that this mount was of similar quality at a much lower price.  What can I say, it does what it is supposed to do, was easy to setup, and is of good value.', 'This is mounted in a doorway between two rooms in my basement with a 40 inch TV attached to it.  I can move it to either room and still keep the doorway open plenty wide enough to pass through.  Perfect for my needs.', 'Sturdy and durable craftsmanship. Bought for my grandma in Mexico, had it installed and works great. Has awesome mobility to enjoy your television from countless angles in your room.', 'If you want a wall mount that is universal and can be moved in all directions this is the one to get.  My 42&#34; Samsung 3D tv mounted easily and the extensions were not required.  I mounted it to a stud and it seems to be very secure.  I am able to swing the tv to watch from my bed or from the lazyboy chair without a problem.', 'used it for vizio 42&#34; tv. easy to install. fit perfectly. what is there else to say? strongly recommend for everyone.', "my tv! Couldn't ask for more. Thanks. These reviews require too many words. I could have said what I meant in three.", "For the price it can't be beat.  The mount is strong and sturdy.  Two sets of hands are mandatory for mounting, three would be ideal.  Once up though, it's better than most of our friends mounts.  It has full articulation, and I can swing the arm out and angle it towards my kitchen.  This is highly important while cooking buffalo wings and trying to keep tabs on football games.", 'I am using this with a 40 inch Samsung smart tv.  The extended bars were not needed.  This is very easy to mount to a wall stud with just two bolts.  Many bolts are provided to fit with your television.  It is very sturdy and able to be positioned in many different ways.  Highly recommended.', 'Mounting a 42 inch LG TV weighing 33 poundsPROLess expensivePrevious purchase of VideoSecu productAppeared solid and strongHad tilt and various adjustmentsMount on single studCONSagging..this is amazing that it sags and does so at different angles based on how far the TV is pulled out from the wallTherefore one cannot keep the TV properly aligned because any movement changes the tilt or other angles.Mounting is a pain because the mounting bracket never comes apart from the articulation armCritical bolt attachment for the mount from the TV to the articulation arm does not get tight!  This is amazing. It is not stripped but it does will not stay tight even from the first use.  This makes the product unsafe.I am amazingly frustrated bordering on angry because of the time put into this and now holes in the wall.  I need to get a different one.  My prior experience was with a VideoSecu MW380B TV wall articulating mount, which is far superior for a larger TV.  I bought this other one because I wanted a tight fit to the wall.Can I send a bill for my time and work putting it up and taking it down?????', 'Now I have like four different kendels and I am such a Fan.  My darling Daughter n law requested this.  No way, says I.  Then I see these reconditioned ones with a warranty, cases n protective films, new chargers and 16 gb HD.  Had to get it or her.  Only cause she gave me the worlds best gran babies ...and I guess I love her like mad too.', "When B&N; designed this one, they were putting together a reading device that also happened to have some tablet features. As a result, what you get is pretty limited.It's a fairly sturdy device by feel, and not difficult to hold for a while and use. The quality of the screen is pretty good and it's not difficult to read for extended periods of time (so long as you're not out in the sun anyway, almost all LCD screens perform poorly there).Very little of the space on the device is available for sideloaded content by default, so you need to use microsd cards to add more if you want to do too much with that.You can sideload content from any source that uses Adobe DRM for epubs, and also epubs that don't have DRM at all. This means that getting ebooks from the library is pretty simple. You can install an Overdrive app and do it directly without going through a computer if your library uses overdrive.You can root it to get access to more apps. If you want to run a more pure version of Android, you can go for either putting together a Cyanogenmod card yourself or purchase one already made from Nook2Android.B&N; gives away a book and an app every Friday on their blog, so that's worth checking in on regularly.On the whole, this is an okay device for reading and can be a kind of nice semi-tablet to give to someone who normally tends to load their computers/tablets up with viruses by being carelessness. It's locked-down state works in your favor from that perspective.For more general tablet use, this is a pretty poor choice. Also, as of mid-2013 the later devices (Nook HD/HD+) have been radically marked down, so if you're going to buy one of these you should look to get it pretty cheap. Otherwise, it'd almost certainly make more sense to hold out for something more full-featured.", "this is such a great tablet. one time didn't work. acted weird really weird. needed to be cleaned. now I keep eyeglass cleaning clothes (disposable) for it. has worked like a charm since. hooks up to the computer without the shelves going away. book reading is great too. I use it for an ereader with games that I sometimes play, but mostly as an ereader. recommended.", 'Great product  works just as described have had no problems with it since I got it thanks for a great product', 'And what is it? Why it\'s an outdated B&N; Tablet! A friend of mine purchased this after seeing my 9in HD+ tablet, but wanted the smaller 7in version. It works fine for what it is, but it caused her much confusion as it did not seem "as nice" to her as my 9in concerning screen quality.And that\'s because this is not the NEW Nook HD with a 1440X900 screen resolution and upgraded hardware, firmware, and software which has been on sale everywhere since the B&N; Father\'s Day Sale was extended indefinitely. This is the OLD Nook color with a standard 1024X768 resolution screen and minus the upgraded hardware and OS.IOW this is the old model :)So if looking for that "new, on sale" tablet by B&N; like my friend was, well, this ain\'t it. She will be returning hers and getting what she wanted initially.As for this one it looks fine and works fine for what it was, but comes up short these days, period.', 'The nook tablet is great.I have used it to check e-mail,browse and look at books,and also transferred one from my p.c.I like the way it will sync with the direction its rotated,and I love the touch screen.Thanks Amazon!', 'the nook color is a great tablet. it sometimes is very slow but it is still a good tablet. i have dropped it a few times and it is still okay.', "For the price this is a great tablet. It lacks a camera, GPS, and bluetooth, but that still leaves a lot, between web browsing and running lots of Android apps. Barnes and Noble did cripple these with limited software through their store but I did get around that by rooting mine.That said, I was sort of surprised to see this pop up as something recommended by Amazon today. The newer version is faster, has a higher resolution screen, is lighter despite same screen size, and has bluetooth. (Still no camera or GPS). B&N; also is now allowing access to the Google Play Store. It is available on the newer version but I don't know if they updated the software for this one to allow access. I suspect they didn't but this would be something to check on if considering purchasing.If you want a tablet for web browsing, checking email, ebooks, video, and many other apps and this is as much as you want to spend, then it isn't a bad deal. I would recommend paying more for the newer version--the Nook HD. (They also make a version with a larger screen, the HD+)Also note that there are third party programs available which will allow you to boot a rooted Android system off of an SD card. This will give more options but I found the original Nook Tablet to be sluggish running off such a card--possibly because I also went to Jelly Bean and this might have been too much for the older tablet. I wound up going back to running the rooted software directly off the tablet (but rooting is more work than inserting a card). The HD works well off a rooted Jelly Bean card.", "Just picked up a refurbished Nook Tablet from newegg's website and its amazing. Only has a 1024 x 600 pixel screen but from a foot away you can't tell the different between this and a device with 1200 x 800 pixels or more. Reading is a pleasure. I've had all the Kindles and all the Nooks and for the best overall reading experience the Nook is better.Why? The Nook devices feel great to hold. The plastics are soft, all the buttons are in good places, and recharging takes no time at all. Also, the software layout and navigation is easy and logical. Next, the font choices, sizes, and other personalizations are all useful. And finally, no freaking ads. You can personalize your home screen and on the Nook Touch you can select your own photos for the screen saver.What's my problem then with Kindle? Couple things. The ads of course. Also, I personally don't care for the software. You are stuck in their software with no way to personalize it. Boring! Also, the buttons are in bad places so you can accidentally shut the device off. On the lower priced Kindles the font choices are fewer and the smaller size choices are useless unless you use a magnifying glass. And the devices aren't as nice to hold. At least on the Fires they took the idea from Nook on making the backs have a soft plastic.I'm pretty sure that anyone who takes the time to try both Nook and Kindle will like the Nook better. As reading devices go they just make more sense. As far as a full fledged tablet goes you'll have to look to Apple or Samsung in my opinion. Matter of fact I am writing this review on my iPad and shortly I will go back to reading on my Nook Tablet.", 'my wife was tired of dragging books around she loves the covienence of the tablet and can make the text larger', "Rooted, and cyanogenmod installed, works awesome.  The Nook Tablet has a bit more memory than the original Nook Color, so that's why I got this one.", 'Great Product, Great Sale, I love this Product, and my children will too I cant wait til Christmas to Give them their present.', 'The Nook HD was designed to be a book reader, although it also is a great way to watch videos on Netflix, or listen to Pandora Radio, or to your favorite music. I added a 32gb memory card so that I can have thousands of my favorite songs with me when I travel.The Nook HD has a screen with the best resolution and the least glare and reflection of any color e-reader.  It is the only color e-reader that comes close to the reading experience of an e-ink reader.Barnes & Noble has lots of children\'s books that take advantage of the Nook\'s color and audio features.  I bought a Christmas story that can read out loud in English or Spanish, and on each page something would be moving...snow falling, or the moon moving across the sky.The Nook is VERY light, which makes it easy to read for hours, and you don\'t mind having your Nook with you 24/7 in your purse or "man purse" (I use a small laptop bag).The Barnes & Noble selection of e-books is huge, and includes 90% of best sellers.  Each day, there is a "Book of the Day" for $2 or $3...many of them best-sellers or classic books.', 'I\'ve owned an Ipad 2, an original Kindle Fire, and first generation 3g dual screen Nook. I decided it was time to upgrade my original Nook and went with this tablet. I purchased mine direct from B&N. This is a fantastic ereader with a few tablet functions. I really like the interface on this ereader more so than the Kindle Fire. Don\'t get me wrong, the Kindle Fire is a very nice device, but I like the personal touch I can give the Nook HD. It\'s more customizable.I can create my own wallpaper and customize my home screen. The ereader is very light and easy to hold with a contoured, grippy back. The screen resolution is fantastic! Even small print is readable. The colors in magazines is exceptional and the scrapbook feature is an innovative touch. I really appreciate having a physical home button, and external volume rockers & power button. The interface is very user friendly and aesthetically pleasing. Setting up email was a snap and customizing my security settings from lock screen passwords to shopping passwords is much appreciated. Web browsing is very zippy on this device. More zippy than the Kindle Fire. Ereading is also a pleasure, with customizable fonts & backgrounds. I was surprised at how well I was able to read on it outside in the shade. It still has a lot of glare, but it is much more readable than the Ipad or the Kindle Fire.I can\'t see the Ipad or Kindle Fire screen at all outside with all the glare. Nook HD is NOT as readable as an eink screen, so I will be keeping my original Nook of 3 years for outdoor reading. But for a tablet ereader, I was really surprised at how well it did outside in the shade. I have since given my husband the Ipad 2, as I like the 7" form factor of the ereader/tablet devices. I take them with me everywhere. If you were to ask me which I liked better, the Kindle Fire or the Nook HD...well...I wouldn\'t be able to choose. Amazon has a larger store for books, apps, movies etc....but I like B&N\'s Nook HD for it\'s interface, superb screen and customizable home screen. It also has expandable memory, and you can sideload epub books. I also like the look of the Nook HD better. It would come down to personal preference and which store you have the most investment with. All in all, the Nook HD is a great device that hasn\'t gotten the attention it deserves, and is worth serious consideration.', "not so happy with it. I have had my Nook HD for approximately 7 months. During that time, I have ordered 60 books, of which I have read 50. Those read were placed in created Shelf A or Shelf C, depending on whether I liked it or not. Everything was working fine until they did a recent update and then it was like a tornado was let in. Locked up my Nook until I downloaded the update and then found all my shelves gone and books missing from my library. Called BN-shelves gone and will have to create again plus move read books back into and missing books from library have to be downloaded again. One book was not found and after an hour on the phone, BN said the publisher stopped making it available for the Nook (is available for the Kindle) and will issue a refund. Fortunately I kept the email confirmations of all books I ordered so I could give them the order number.Customer service is lacking at BN. I had to make multiple calls until I was finally put in touch with someone who could solve the problem of the missing book.One other thing-update seems to have changed screen brightness as before I could read it out by the pool and now I no longer can.In fairness, I will also mention that I have a Kindle paperwhite and an update wiped out my created collections, but didn't lose any books and can still read it out by the pool.Both have Wi-Fi and that may be an inherent problem with updating through it as far as shelves/collections go.", "It has everything you need in a tablet, except it doesn't have a camera, 3G or GPS, personally I don't need them. But guess what... It is built in microphone.. That is good, I like to sing.O.k. this tablet has a good touch response, you can touch even the smallest links, the screen is extremely crisp and beautiful 900X1440 pixel the highest resolution in the 7 inch tablets!... I was amazed at how beautiful google maps is displayed, I loved it. It has a dual-core 1.3 ghz processor and 1 Gb of Ram, it is quick and very responsive but don't abuse, it is only a tablet.I decided to get this tablet instead of the Asus Nexus 7 because it is lighter, it only weights 11 Oz, this is a good factor if you are planning to use it for long periods of time. I use it for reading colored magazines and illustrative books. Besides it is easy to grip.The battery last about 11 hours if you use it only for reading, and about 7 hrs if you watch videos or use it in wi-fi mode.The new software updates give you access to google Play. It couldn't be easier. You don't deal with any annoying promos and the charger and wire is included.", 'Bought a 16 GB one at my local B&N; store, on sale at $119. Fantastic! It is totally Android, hooked right into the Googleplex... like Google Maps, and the Google Play apps store... where, you guessed it, I immediately downloaded the free \'must-have\' Amazon Kindle app, perfect! (I might buy the B&N; tablet, but books? Amazon all the way). And free Acrobat Reader, which will still enlarge any vector line art in a PDF to 6400%, just like on a PC/Mac. Note -- Flash and video embedded in a PDF do not play on the Nook, or, to my knowledge, on any other tablet, or on Macs.Let\'s see. Photos (originals are 1800 x 1200) shown from my Smugmug site are razor-sharp in perfect color on the 7" Nook screen. I\'m an amateur photographer, and it\'s a joy to see my images displayed absolutely correctly.Other stuff -- it has a microSD card slot so you can bring in your own pix, docs, PDFs, etc. Will buy a microSD card for it tomorrow. As an aside, there\'s a company called N2acards that sells a microSD card pre-loaded with the Android operating system... but, with the Nook HD \'in bed\' with Google, I\'m not sure what I\'m missing by just sticking with the Nook\'s built-in system.Anyway, I\'m VERY happy with this product. If it blows up, I can take it back to my local B&N; store and get another. And it has a feature where it backs up all your content on Google servers.Lastly, was able to connect it to my Yahoo e-mail account immediately. It also has Facebook and Twitter, but I turned them off as I\'m fairly anti-social.', 'I bought the hd first and am completely in love with it. A very handy size and very responsive. Bought the hd+ for use when size is not a factor. Love both. Added 64 gig scandisk to both. Only real issue is that I run ubuntu, no windows/mac, so had to cobble my desktop and laptop to ba able to download to nook. Can set video downloads to default to sd card. Very happy. Thinking about buying one more of each if the price goes even lower, for backups in case of loss or damage.', "I bought the Nook primarily for reading but wanted the HD for email and web browsing also. I was pleasantly surprised at the exceptional screen quality and ease of setup.I did not want to spend the money for an IPAD and now I am glad I didn't as I prefer the Nook interface for reading. The screen brightness can be changed anytime during reading but on the IPAD you have to go into settings after exiting the book you are reading. The only downside is there are not as many apps written for the Nook. I am hoping that will change.", "With all the tablets and apps out we don't really need EReaders anymore.  I am not exactly sure why I wanted a e reader.  I mean,  I have a iPod, iPad, Kindle, Regular Nook,  iPad Mini,  iPhone, Blackberry Playbook.I decided to sell my Kindle Fire and my previous Color nook tablet and upgrade to the snow nook HD and its beautiful,  it also has google apps on here now so we can get a lot of android apps, including the AHEM// Kindle app.I like the nook friends and borrowing books options as well as how clean the OS is.", nan, 'If you are looking for a very light and compact device to read your books, check your e-mail and watch movies, you really can\'t beat the Nook HD. It has the highest screen resolution for its form factor (7") and is a pleasure to read and write with. Netflix & Hulu+ are magical to view since the resolution is so high and it\'s so darn light. Being able to expand the memory with a micro SD card is just another plus. All-in-all, I\'m very pleased with it an would recommend it highly!', "Why pay to be restricted, I simply didn't see the benefit with all of the other tablets out there having apps that perform exactly the same tasks. Just decided to go a cheaper route and I am so glad I did.Maybe I would consider the Nook again if it is expanded beyond a e-reader.", "It is too bad that the Nook HD hasn't received more kudos. To be honest, I knew it had a great screen, a fast proce fast processor, great battery life, and oh so light and easy to handle. But, I did wait for a means for rooting the Nook HD to become available. Now the tablet lives up to all its potential. Rooting is quite easy and it is a great tablet", "This is a really nice item. With the way I use it, the battery life lasts for several days of reading and browsing the web. Magazines on this screen are amazing, I especially like reading Time because of the outstanding photography they do. Books look great, and the selection of games on the Barnes and Noble store is alright. A little annoying paying again for games I already bought on my phone, but that's not so bad.Further, you really don't need to pay again for games if you install a custom ROM on an SD card. You can either purchase one premade (google for N2A for more info) or you can burn your own if you google a little more and spend the afternoon trying different things. It's not scary at all, especially since you're only doing stuff on the SD card not the tablet itself. If you want to undo it, just take the card out! Anyway, the custom ROM just gets you stock android, and that opens this great device up to the full android market of games and apps. You can still read all your Barnes and Noble stuff on the B&N; android app. I read my Wired subscription that way, as well as some books. Anyway, I think this device and the ROM on the SD card is the best of B&N; and android.Anyway, I'd compare this with the Google Nexus 7. The nook has a slightly higher resolution screen, which is kinda neat especially for magazines. No front facing camera on the nook, but my phone already is great for video chat so I don't miss it. Also, the custom ROM I put on my SD card is android 4.2, whereas google says the Nexus is android 4.1...maybe they'll get an update soon I don't know. So, either way, you probably can't lose.EDIT: Barnes and Noble opened up the stock software to be able to use almost all of the apps in the google play store. So, I don't use my custom ROM at all, because of the better battery life and just overall fit and finish of the Barnes and Noble stock software. It's a great tablet!", "I've had the Nook e-reader for less than 18 months. It's been ailing for at least 12 of those months. At first, it wouldn't start up for no apparent reason. I'd get crazy messages and images on the screen, but no access to function. I went online to see if other buyers had the same problems and possibly solutions. They did. Lots of complaints and a few helpful suggestions. The things I had to try were a nuisance but they worked when I was persistent. I learned to fuss around and get the thing started. Then the charger started failing. I'd have to position it a certain way and weight it down when it was attached to the NOOK. That worked for awhile. After awhile, it seemed clear that something was wrong with the connection so I bought a Nook-compatible charger from Amazon. Good news. It worked. Bad news. It worked for only a week. I called Nook Customer Service. They said I really needed a Barnes & Noble brand charger. So I laid out another $15 or so. That charger worked for about 3 days.Now the EEG for my Nook has flat-lined. No web advice and no Customer Service advice helps. However, in my last conversation with B&N;, they told me to take it into a B&N; bookstore and have them look at the device. This will be my last ditch effort. If further measures require an investment of more than 10 cents, I'll tell them to pitch it in recycle.I wouldn't have hung in nearly as long if it hadn't been for a NOOK game I'm addicted to and can get nowhere else. Time for online-game-rehab, I guess. I will never buy another Nook. As my kids would say, it's a P**** Of S***.Barbara Cox", "I have never been a big fan of reading until I purchased the nook.  I have trouble putting it down.  I'm either playing games or reading.  Absolutely love it.", 'it constantly acts up.  i try to use it for my textbooks but when i try to turn the page it glitches and zooms in.  the touch screen randomly clicks things by itself, also doesnt allow returns.  would not recommend', 'Got this for my sons 15th birthday he loves it a great gift for anyone great price and it came fast love amazon', "Purchased for my son's school A/R Reading Program as a prize for his school.  This is the third one purchased, at the A/R program's leaders' request.  The look on their face when the one, who wins, finds out what they get!  Totally amazement!  Would purchase again!", 'I gave it to my granddaugter for christmas with a gift certificate. My daughter says she loves it & it helps her improve on her reading skills.', "I bought this item for my wife for Christmas. I didn't know what to expect since this wasn't what she actually wanted. But I knew what she needed as she is a book worm and has magazines n books strayed everywhere. She also has no intent on getting rid of them no time soon. Needless to say it had to grow on her (she wasn't too thrilled at first). Now that thing is everywhere and I don't haveto live with magazines everywhere taking up space.  Afterward I bought an hd+. We've been more than happy with our decision.", 'exactly what my daughter wanted.  she is more than tickled with this reader.  She will use it for hours and hours', 'Ordered the e Reader for Christmas last year. As of today, my daughter is using it and loving it. She says, no regret she loves it.', 'I purchased for my wife as a gift and she loves it. Product met all of her needs and  she loves being able to just select a book and download it without any hassle. Battery lasts a good amount of time and I can now sleep at night without a flashlight beaming in my face on accident!', 'I already had two of these in the household, but my son has been asking for his own since the first day I got mine. I am very pleased with the Nook Color as it does a wide range of functions. I have been able to do my university homework and write papers on mine, in addition to reading ebooks, .pdfs, and watching videos. My daughter reads, listens to music, and watches videos. My son will be making use of reading books for his age group and reading level, and watching instructional videos.', 'I loved the nook. I eventually bought an ipad and gave this to my nephew, he still loves and uses it everyday.', "Product shipped quickly, and arrived slightly ahead of schedule, even from the other side of out country.The stated storage capacity is rather misleading. It says 2gb, but half of that seems reserved for the system, and most of what's left is reserved for B&N;'s ebooks. That leaves about 250mb for the rest of your library.Fortunately, a 4gb microSD card cost me a measly $5. Even better, memory card integration is seamless.Amazon's got a great price, too. $10 cheaper than anyone else. Ironic, considering the Nook is their direct competitor.One thing to take into consideration is that the page numbers are synced with the actual pages of the ebook, regardless of font size or line spacing, so you can turn through page 85 two or three times before getting to page 86. It's a little weird, but not a major issue.I got my paws on one of these things in the store, and I'm still surprised at how light and small it is.The last consideration (not really an issue, but an odd choice on their part) is the lack of a file manager on the device. You have to plug the Nook into a computer to delete files. However, it's irrelevant, since all of my ebooks are on the memory card, and I bought a USB adapter for that very reason.All in all, this is a fantastic product, and I am very pleased with it.", 'the reason ill take a eInk reader over a kindle eInk reader,  is because the nook has expandable memory (up to 32GB). when you get to the fire and nook color/tab its a different story. the simple touch is light weight and the battery life is amazing. if you just need an eReader with out browsing the web this is perfect. feels great in the hand, the screen size is just right and loading books are very easy. although if you can afford a simple touch with glow i would say get that one for the light.the only thing you have to get use to is the screen being a little jumpy when you switch from one thing to another. i believe its because of the eInk style.', 'We have only been using the product for a couple of weeks now, but it is working great.  My wife and my daughter both love it and find it very easy to use.', "Unboxed the Nook. Charged it up. Won't connect to my Wifi network when three laptops in my house will. And it won't work at all until you register it. Posts on the Internet say its a complex technical issue. I'm calling the B&N; tech people. If they can't fix it fast then this thing is going back. I didn't sign up for hours of struggling with Nook's technical problems. I have better things to do.Update: Customer service didn't help. Took it to Barnes & Nooble Store but the battery had drained in less then a week so they couldn't look at it. I figured if the battery can't hold a charge for that long than I didn't want the device. The seller agreed to take it back for a restocking fee and I had to pay for shipping. This thing cost me time and money, a bad experience all  around. I'll never buy a B & N product again, certainly not from a third party seller.  I've ordered a Sony reader directly from Sony. Hopefully I'll have better luck", 'We bought one of these for my mother-in-law hoping to get her a piece of technology that would be enjoyable for her to use. It has been nothing but a pain. Her main thing she uses it for is reading books from the library. This requires a process that involves going through hoops, a computer, and an Adobe ID and software. Having experience with an Amazon Kindle (the very basic one) and iPads with library books, this was an absolute pain and I feel bad for my in-laws. What should be a two-five step process is way more complex and requires special software on the computer to transfer the ebook to the nook. There have been several occasions where my father-in-law (who is ok with technology) has called up and spent hours on the phone with my husband trying to figure out how to get a book onto the nook.I would not recommend this unless you plan to purchase only from the Nook itself. Otherwise, it is nothing but frustrating.', "Great product, easy to use and set up--after comparing pros and cons this was the one for me. I especially liked that I could download books from my community library and other sites. I wasn't tied just to a brand name download. Shipped quickly too.", 'Satisfied with this purchase. The Nook was brand new in an open box. Works like a gem. Very happy customer!', "I bought this to replace a Sony PRS-300 that I thought was too heavy and too slow in the page turning.  Yes, the nook is quicker on the page turning and lighter but I am having too much trouble to appreciate faster and lighter.  I am having an infinite amount of trouble getting library books onto the nook - I've yet to succeed and the problems lie with adobe digital editions.  Why aren't nooks plug and play?  That's my first big problem.  I have no problem with my Sony and the library book I wanted is now on my Sony.  The second is that I like to read while I'm eating my lunch - ereader in left hand and fork in right.  It is not easy to change the page on the nook while eating - the bottom right corner is too far from my thumb and the bottom buttons are too high up the side.  The Sony has a set of buttons right in the bottom center, which is perfect placement.  I read the great reviews on the nook and for the price, I thought it was worth a try.  I'm also disappointed with the wifi registration requirement and wifi in general.  I don't need wifi on my ereader but it looks like they're all offering it now.  I also don't appreciate my registration info being used by B&N; as permission to start emailing me crap - I am already unsubscribed from that 'service'.  I'm definitely not happy with the nook and I'm going to save up my money to buy another Sony.**UPDATE 5/25/13**  I finally was able to download library books onto my nook but it was frustrating and time consuming; I finally found help online.  I have yet to discover a way to comfortably hold this book in my left hand and turn the page.  This was a very bad buy for me.  I bought a book-style cover for it and that was a waste of money as well as I find the cover just gets in the way.  I did not know how good I had it with the Sony PRS-300 and will continue to use my Sony instead of the nook.  I don't recommend the nook at all.", 'very very good value for this reader, and I am grateful for the quick exchange they made when the first unit developed a problem right away.  They immediately sent a replacement.  Immediately.', "Wife bought this for her elderly mother - but she couldn't quite get the hang of using it (tech challenged)... My wife has been using it instead and seems to like it pretty well... All is good :)", 'I have gone thru a lot of reviews of this eBook before ordering it, mainly due to its long battery life.Within a week, it got shipped home (excellent seller).However, the product itself is far from being a good eBook Reader.I have had two: one Kindle eBook reader (with keyboard) and one 10.2" Android tablet that I used as a reader mainly.The Nook is cumbersome:THE BADS:1) the first thing it ask for is to read some kind of agreement, then click ACCEPT !!! (like I am installing a new software !!!)2) the second thing is to setup for a WIFI access, I have troubled to enter the password for my home wireless so it sits there for one day. Can\'t do anything until WIFI access is established.THE GOODS3) I went to a local B&N; store to get instant WIFI access which I did,THE BAD4) then create an account, enter my credit card number (why do I need to do this at this time). Should only ask when I first order something from B&N.;THE GOOD:5) now I can copy my eBook in PDF formats to it, this part is straightforward.THE BAD:6) I opened one of my PDF doc and it came up with a huge font size7) try to touch the screen to get to a menu allowing me to change font size, the menu appears, then quickly disappears. I was very frustated trying to get the menu display to stay there8) it took me a few mins before I can get the menu to be stable, then change to a smaller size. The text now reads fine. But the "next page" , "previous page" buttons are too hard to push, it takes a hard push to get it to work.9) I close the document and try to open another one, it won\'t open10) try to re-open the first one, not open eitherFrom this point on, it simply refused to open any document I have on it.11) I even convert one PDF to epub format (specifically target the Nook)  and load on it, does not open either. And the epub size is much larger than PDF size (i.e. I will have a lot less books on it).To me, this eBook is useless, so I am going to return it back today.And this is not due to (or lack of) my high tech proficiency (I develop firmware for "firwmare operated" gadgets by trade , really know how to use these "Software/firmware" operated gadgets quite well, have at least 5 GADGETS with very complicated functionalities at home, all of them require patient readings thru their thick manuals to operate / setup to my liking, no problem at all).I have written quite a lot of product reviews on Amazon, most of the gave good rating because these products are good.I feel really frustrated with this one, the first bad review I wrote.My older two eBook readers work right of the box. Just copy the documents to it and open to read them.I will NEVER buy these kinds of eBook readers anymore, not even the new Kindle as I heard they will show ads on the screen and the Kindle Fire will just immediately buy stuff from Amazon if I accidently click on some place, IT DOES NOT even show a confirmation screen (too greedy to make money) !!! I don\'t buy something to read these ads. Amazon and B & N are too greedy trying to push stuff on the users as they feel like, at the users expense.I will try to get a new Android tablet instead (for reading, and Internet browsing). Rather spend a few hundreds bugs to get a good product than a cheap one that does not work.Many users were lucky to get the ones that work (touch scree sensitivity seems to be the key here), I was not and don\'t want to try my luck with it again.', "I previously owned a Kindle and loved it, but it kept breaking.  I finally gave up in frustration after having it replaced 3 times in the first year.I bought the Nook Simple Touch to replace it, and am very satisfied with my purchase.To be honest, the Kindle is brighter and easier to read in less-than-perfect light.  However the Nook excels in nearly every other way.1) Nook is sturdily reliable.  I have had no failures with it whatsoever, although I carry it everywhere and use it daily.  I do have it in a protective case, but I had my Kindle in a protective case and it kept breaking anyway.  POINT:  NOOK.2) Nook Simple touch is smaller and lighter than the equivalent Kindle e-reader.  Nevertheless, screen-size is ample.3) Nook is responsive and seems faster at turning pages than Kindle.4) Books download in a blink and are immediately available.  This too seems faster than with my Kindle.5) There are some things I could do with my Kindle that I can't do with my Nook Simple Touch, but I don't miss those things.  I needed a simple e-reader that just plain works and Nook Simple Touch satisfies that need in a very inexpensive way WITHOUT ADS.  POINT: NOOK.Generally, if you are shopping for an inexpensive, simple e-reader, I strongly urge you to buy the Nook, and not the Kindle.  I have tried both, and prefer the Nook.", "Bought this as a gift for my husband.  He didn't think he would use an e-reader.  The Nook is so easy to set up and use.  I have one too and we both read with them all the time.", 'It seems to be a limited device, but it has potential  I think a good price it new should be about $55.00. I have one as a backup to my kindle P.W there are two pros ,the SD card slot and it can be rooted, but rooting affects battery life and its not stable when rooted. Very very limited web browser no Facebook or anything useful, the browser on the the paperwhite is much better. It is a pretty well made device.It is a ok back up to my kindle paperwhite.', "We have the old Nook reader, which we love. We purchased this Nook at target for the same price as Barnes and Noble and Amazon.This Nook is smaller, which is nice. It has a built in light, which is really nice. And, it is touch screen, which is awesome!The only flaw I see thus far is that you can't resize the letters. Apparently the letters are a standard size, I assume because of the size of the screen? Anyway, I would like to make them smaller so that I can read more before turning the page. However, that is a minor issue and does not deter me from enjoying the new Nook tremendously.", "While it doesn't have a light and its screen has been far surpassed by other readers throughout the years. However since it uses android you can easily root it and install apps that allows you to read Kindle books and pretty much anything else your heart desires. Even can play Angry Birds if you really wanted to.", 'My screen stopped working a week out of warranty.  Apparently, this is a common issue with the Nook Simple Touch.  Customer service told me that Barnes & Noble is aware of this issue but they do not plan to repair or replace anything.  This is not the way to treat customers.  I am canceling all my pre-orders and I will try a different ereader.', 'This is an update from my initial review.This Barnes & Noble Nook Simple Touch was advertised by BlueProton at Amazon as having been marked down from $249.99 to $68.99, so it certainly seemed like a great deal. It now seems like fraudulent advertising because I\'ve since read that the MSRP is $79.99Initially I had serious problems with the Nook, and requested a refund. The seller, BlueProton, refused to take returns or give a refund for it, and directed me to Barnes & Noble who referred me back to the seller, stating  that the seller should refund it within 14 days; at that time  I\'d only had it a few days. My Amazon A to Z claim ended with Amazon siding with the seller, BlueProton because their policy stated that they would not accept returns on Nooks - something I did not see when I initially read their policy!Because neither BlueProton nor Barnes & Noble would take responsibility for the defective product, and their attitude was "Take the money and run!", I\'m giving the Nook a low review although later I found an update for the Nook which resolved the problems - with no help or information from either seller or Barnes & Noble!I now enjoy using the Nook which is so much easier and more comfortable to hold than regular books while reading,  and to carry back & forth to work each day or to travel with. I don\'t like the gray screen which requires you to face the Nook towards the light; and I don\'t like the glare on the screen from the sun or lights. I have to sit "just so" to read it - which somewhat defeats the idea of portability. Overall I do like it, but it needs improvement.My favorite use of the Nook is to borrow my local library\'s digital books using the free Overdrive Media Console software which allows you to select & save your library (ies) and to directly access the digital library from it on your PC, and then sideload (drag & drop)the borrowed books to your Nook; no more time wasted or trips through rush hour traffic to browse, borrow or return books downtown, and no more parking hassles! Most of my library\'s digital books are in ePub format which is the native format of the Nook. However, as other reviewers have stated, you can still borrow or buy Kindle or other formats of digital books and convert them to ePub via the free Calibre software. Borrowed library books can be returned automatically when the loan periods expire, or can be returned manually earlier if you decide not to finish the book during the loan period.Ordinarily I don\'t buy many fiction books because I rarely read any of them more than once. Additionally, due to the poor customer service from both Amazon (who owns Kindle) and Barnes & Noble (who owns Nook) I am determined to rarely buy any books from either of these companies, and will primarily download either their free books or the library\'s loan books. The companies want us to buy their ebooks, but won\'t take responsibility for their e-readers, so that infuriates me and alienates me for life.The pros: the low price; comfort; convenience; savings from being able to borrow library books instead of buying something you\'ll only read once; no clutter of physical books; easy loaning to friends with a guarantee that they will be returned in 14 days (automatic returns); ability to read multiple formats via conversion in free Calibre software. The Nook can also read your PDF files/documents from your PC or elsewhere, plus it can use your JPEG files of photos to use as your custom screensavers; the Nook will convert them to B&W.;The cons: PlueProton\'s and Barnes & Nobles\'s total lack of responsibility for their defective Nooks - why I gave the Nook such a low rating; Amazon\'s siding with Blue Proton\'s irresponsible returns policy; dreary gray screen which makes it difficult to read except in bright lighting; touch screen not as sensitive and responsive as it should be - often have to touch the screen a few times before getting a response.Over all I\'m pleased with my Nook Simple Touch now that I managed to FIX IT BY MYSELF, but the companies\' irresponsible policies have soured me towards them for life.', 'Ordered for a freind. As far as I know, his daughter is happy with it. I guess you could call him.', "I've used the Nook Touch and the Kindle Touch/Kindle Paperwhite extensively and the Nook is the best. Why? I'm convinced that if anyone prefers the Kindle its because they've never tried the Nook. Or they have friends that used Kindle and don't want to venture out on their own.First the Nook feels better. It has a soft plastic outside with a curved back that makes holding the device quite pleasant. It has just enough area around the screen that you can hold easily without mistakenly turning pages. And the side page turn buttons are deep enough you won't turn pages by accident. Some might not like it because you have to push pretty hard, but that's by design.Second the platform is user friendly and great to navigate.Third the font choices are better and you get several more to choose from. Plus the size options all make sense. For instance on the Kindle the couple smallest font sizes are so small I can't see why anyone would use them and to me it's a waste.Fourth the buttons are all well placed.Fifth there are no ads and you can even upload your own pictures.Go try one today. I'm fairly confident you'll love it.....unless you don't.", "At first I was torn between the Nook Simple Touch and the Kindle Paperwhite. I chose the Nook because of price and the absence of ads while reading a book. I had though that the Nook did not have a good dictionary function, but learned otherwise after it's purchase. All one needs to define a word from the dictionary is to place their finger on the word for two seconds and then chose the Look Up option on the bottom menu displayed on the left.Sharp resolution, useful utilities, convenient scrolling functions both off on the side of and on the screen. Lightweight, durable and well designed. Essay to download free books (I suggest Project Gutenberg). For downloading free books from on line sites or from the library, you will need to download Adobe Digital Edition 2 software which is free.I suggest that you purchase additional memory. Barnes and Noble only allocates 1/4 of a GIG out of 2GIG for your personal library from non Barnes and Noble books. One gig for software to run the Nook and 3/4 for books purchased from Barnes. The best buy for external memory is 8 GIG. I also suggest that your purchase one CaseCrown leather Regal flip case sold through Amazon; they are high quality for a reasonable price.", "In my opinion, the Nook Simple Touch is the best e-reader on the market because... well... it's simple. No distractions of email or social media, it lets me immerse myself in a book and I love it!", "Readability in Sunlight is super even when the sun is directly hitting the screen; can't be beat! The blacks are great and the contrasting white whites really helps these old eyes of mine! I like the Android operation too.", 'If you only want to read, this is fine. The newer models access the web, have apps, play games, do email and color. This model is only print and only black and white.', "I love reading, and in a lot of cases I found myself leaving a book at home because I didn't want to carry any heavy things. This is great! I put in a small 512MB card and now it holds ~50 books! I gave it 4 stars only because the dictionary function isn't very good. I think it has a literal copy of a dictionary, which means it doesn't explain the word fully but still doesn't allow you to search for the meaning of a work in the translation window...", 'Great Product Great Sale, I just Love this product, and my children will too I want one for myself this is suppose to be their christmas gift but I want one now.', "It's a fine tablet.  The screen is excellent.  The speakers are very good.  The interface is a little clunky but easy to use.  It does just what I want it to do and it does it well.", "I couldn't have asked for a better product! I upgraded from the Nook Color to the HD and I am super happy!!!", 'I had given my kids a Nook Color a couple years ago. Sold it last fall and got 1 girl a Kindle Fire 2nd gen, and the other a Lenovo A2107. The Lenovo was absolutely horrid so I wanted to replace it. This summer, when the Nook HD got Google Play, and the prices fell, I sold the Lenovo and got my daughter the Nook HD 16gb Snow. She absolutely loves it! I liked it so much, I got the Nook HD 8gb for myself. I like it much better than my Kindle Fire HD. The size is smaller, and thinner, and lighter, which are great things. And you can put whatever wallpaper you want on it, unlike the Fire HD.I sold the 2nd gen Kindle Fire and gave the other daughter the Fire HD, but she has since switched to a Nook also (HD+). So now I have the Fire HD and the Nook HD for myself. I like the Nook HD better for the reasons stated above. Size and weight are so much smaller on the Nook HD. The screen resolution is also better. There is nothing I don\'t like about the Nook HD. I did put a GreatShield Glare Screen protector on the Nooks, to reduce the shiny glare. We use them without cases, just sleeves. They are phenomenal tablets.If you or the person you are buying for loves to play games and will likely download hundreds of them, definitely get the 16gb Nook HD. You will want as much space for apps as you can afford, despite the SD card slot. Games have to be installed to internal memory, for the most part. The SD card slot comes in handy for books, movies, photos and music. I got the 8 gb Nook HD for myself, because I don\'t play games, the only apps I need are for reading, playing music, news, web, stuff like that. I put my files on the SD card and I am set!I don\'t plan to buy the new Fires when they come out.  They are far too limited, in my opinion. (So was the Nook, of course, until they added Google Play). I have ADW Launcher on all three of the Nooks, though my daughters tend to prefer the standard Nook launcher. What shows up on that home page can be customized to show only what you want it to show. There is also an "app drawer" icon that shows the most recently opened apps for easy launching. It really is a great design, and far superior to the tiresome carousel on the Kindle Fires.', "Bought it for my wife to use primarily as a reader but also to occasionally access the net and read email when not at her computer.  She absolutely loves it.  It's the perfect product for her.  The reader portion is excellent.  The web graphics are vivid and colorful.  It has great functionality for such a small machine and last but not least, the price is right.", 'Brand loyalty aside, the NOOK HD AND the Kindle FIRE HD are both great products. I have a Barnes & Noble store about one mile away. I called with some typical learning curve operating questions and was treated with courtesy and competence. my After my poor effort to explain the issues on the phone, the local B & N NOOK expert offered to come IN PERSON to help me. Took about 15 minutes.Try that with Amazon! LOLNow with Google Play. An exceptional product with exceptional people backing it up.', 'Very good product for those with a Nook book collection. Works well with apps. All google play apps are available except for those requiring a camera.  I brought two units for my children and there are lots of apps and books for them. The Nook HD will read certain books allowed. My two units ended up being defective and kept crashing. Was able to return both with no problems.', 'When I learned the modifications Barnes & Noble made to its Nooks and saw the price drop, I decided to get one formy very active 6 year-old grandson. He loves it. Despite him being a rough & tumble outdoor boy, it has held up wellfor a few months now. I attribute this partly to solid quality build and partly to the Nook HD 7&#34; being so thin & lightweight.I recommend this tablet, especially for children, a much better buy than those heavier, more expensive & slower tabletssold for children.', "I got one of these for Christmas, and I LOVE it! At first I wasn't all that fond of it because the only way to purchase apps and such was to use the nook store, but recently they had an update that added all sorts of Google apps, including Google Playstore. It has great graphics compared to previous nook tablets. It is great to read with, but the books are a little pricey.Now that it has Google Playstore and great graphics, I can't think of a reason for somebody NOT to get it!", 'I recently bought the nook HD white for 129 greenbacks from BN. I had originally purchased a Kindle Fire HD. The Nook is lighter and the screen is brighter/sharper than the Kindle Fire. With the recent update to allow the full version of Google Play, a lot of the original limitations with the Nook have gone away. The chrome browser beats Silk all the way. You can actually download the Kindle App from the Google appstore and read all the books. However, you cannot install the amazon appstore and I had to buy some of the apps from Google play that I had originally purchased. There are no ads with the nook. Even with the Fathers day sale (which put the Kindle no-ad version at 195), this is cheaper by 65 bucks. An additional benefit is you can add an external SD card and there are options to boot a full blown standard Android Jellybean from the SD card with the nook from places like (AFN - android for nook for just 10 bucks).The two main downsides are that it lacks a front facing camera, but I really have no use for that and the parental controls are not that easy to set as in the Kindle (you can create a child profile and make sure that the password has to be entered, but I have not fully figured it out).I liked it so much that I bought a second nook in smoke color today.', "Pay close attention.  I would be very cautious about swallowing a few of the &#34;most helpful favorable reviews&#34;.  Pay attention to that quoted phrase.  I strongly suspect many are paid reviewers or actually employees or someone connected with the addons for the Nook.  Just a &#34;heads up&#34;.  Amazon loves to put the &#34;favorable&#34; insiders up front because the bottom line is sales and what leaves your wallet into theirs is the driver.My Nook is okay for the $79 at my local computer store that wanted to get rid of them.  Its not a bargain at the prices we see here.  If you're serious about a tablet then save up for a good one if you can.  If not, it should work for you.Most folks are putting out honest reviews, some whine artists, some scammers, some who just need to talk to someone.  We can't do much about that, but we can comb through and pick out what we might be able to trust.", 'Am tired of non-standard charging cables...  I like micro USB and the majority of hand held electronic devices use micro USB now.  Why is the NOOK HD using a non standard 30 Pin charging cable?  We returned the NOOK to Barnes and Noble!', "I cant say enough good things about this tablet i love it. First off the screen is beautiful.Its vivid and the colors are great.The best for the price no doubt. Its even nicer than the nexus 7 screen.Tablet performance is good for a dual core tabletand the gpu is a good one sgx540 same as some of the ipads so games run pretty well.weight ergonomics and screen size are just right.The quality of this tablet is excellent. It also has Bluetooth which Manny tablets don't have in this price range.Personally i love the Ui Barnes and noble put on this table its nice. And now with Google play you have a gazillion apps to choose from.Battery life is also pretty good and WiFi works well.The tablet has 2 speakers and there decent pretty loud which is nice.I got mine on sale for 100.00 is worth every penny. I guess the only minor thing i found was it gets a little warm at times but that's typical of Manny tablets and phones."]