['Just another flavor of Kit Kat but the taste is unique and a bit different.  The only thing that is bothersome is the price.  I thought it was a bit expensive....', 'Really good. Great gift for any fan of green tea! Just so expensive to purchase candy from across the sea.', 'I had never had it before, was curious to see what it was like. Smooth, great subtle good flavor. I am ordering more and plan to make it a routine.', "I've been looking forward to trying these after hearing about how popular they were in Japan, and among Kit Kat fans as well. I do not recommend ordering these during warm weather, because they can melt and become smushy. I ordered mine right when summer began, and they were a bit mushy so I let them solidify under room temp. Afterwards, I tried some and they tasted fine. I was expecting a stronger green tea or matcha flavor, but it is actually quite subtle. The outer coating was creamy and not overly sugary, which I liked. Overall, I wouldn't say it's insanely good, but definitely a yummy treat.", "These Kit-kats are very good, but if you're looking for a strong green tea flavor- you will be disappointed. The green tea flavor is very subtle.", 'I found these in a Mitsuwa Marketplace in Illinois.I actually expected them to taste better than the did.  they were okay but seem smaller than standard kit kats and the taste was a tad mild compared to other green tea candies I have tried.But still, they were pleasant enough and nice for a change.', 'Creamy white chocolate infused with Matcha green tea surrounding layers of wafers. Much less sweeter than the traditional Kitkat. Small size is perfect to satisfy the chocolate craving w/o the guilt. Was in LA last week and picked up a bag on a whim at the Japanese store in Little Tokyo. Now, back in WI and regretting not picking up a handful more. Not only were these Kitkats delicious, the bags were only $5 each!', "After hearing mixed opinions about these Kit Kats, I decided to try them. They are excellent, and I do not regret purchasing them at all. They taste like matcha with a bit of a vanilla and milky flavor as well. They are not too sweet or too plain. These are the best Kit Kats I've ever had, and I would recommend them to anyone who likes matcha-flavored candies or anyone wanting to try an unusual kind of Kit Kat.", 'I ordered these in Summer so they of course arrived melted, a trip the freezer made them awesome again though. Just order them in cooler times of the year and you should get them in good condition.I love these so much more than the regular chocolate Kit-Kat bars. I hope some day to see them on store shelves in the US some day.', 'These are definitely THE BEST candy bar out there!  I just wish I was able to find them in a local store instead of having to buy them online!', "Yes - this is one of the most expensive candies around, because it only comes imported. But my goodness - are these ever good. The KitKat folks could really clean up if they started selling these in the US. Once you try them you can't wait for more. So yummy and delivered quickly and fresh.", 'I love the green tea kitkat, taste so good, not as sweet as the milk chocolate one, and it comes with 12 small pack, easy to keep on a diet, i love this one and the dark chocolate one!', "I love Kit Kat & green tea....together they are okay.  Nothing to get excited about.  I wouldn't order this again.", "I tried this for the first time today and it is delicious but I don't quite taste the Matcha flavor as you would in like say a Green Tea ice cream. To me it tasted like white chocolate with a grainy texture which I'm guessing is the Matcha tea powder. I think my favorite KitKat flavor mix is the Mocha.", 'It has lots of specks of vanilla beans in here. The taste is wonderful. It is fabulous mixed in to plain yogurt.', "A true vanilla-holic I use this vanilla every day.  I don't even measure I just dump it in.  Love the flavor, aroma, and bean flecks.  I use it in place of vanilla extract all the time. This is a fantastic price for a great quantity. I will be purchasing this again as I'm sure to run out at the speed I'm using it.  Its more of a syrup than a paste really, but it exchanges for extract beautifully.  I usually just take out a bit of sugar from whatever I'm using it in as the paste does contain sugar.", 'This product has been great. It has a great flavor, the bottle is huge and I would absolutely buy it again and would recommend this product to anyone else looking for a Vanilla Extract or Paste.', 'This product is very misleading. The bottle states it is pure vanilla bean paste when in fact it is sugar, water, vanilla extract and a thickener added to it. The result is a very sweet vanilla flavored sugar paste. This is not usable for all cooking and absolutely cannot be used for anyone prepping food/drinks for someone with blood-sugar issues. This product should be removed from Amazon until the description is updated with the exact ingredients along with its nutritional information.', 'you cant beat the taste or the price for that matter on this Vanilla Bean Paste...you use it as you would regular vanilla, teaspoon for teaspoon, however you get the beautiful little seeds as you get when you use a vanilla bean.', "I've tried a whole bunch of vanillas but none of them are as good as this one. The 32 ounce size is a money saver for anyone who uses a good deal of flavoring. Love the look of the seeds in this as well. Rich flavor and you don't need to use a lot of it.", 'Nothing beats Nielsen-Massey Madagascar Bourbon Vanilla. Once you\'ve used it, all other vanillas seem weak or watered down in comparison. I\'ve been using this brand exclusively for at least 5 years now. However, I always order their Vanilla extract & didn\'t even realize they offered a \'paste\'.I wasn\'t looking closely when I ordered this and was surprised when I opened this and found it was a thicker, gel-like substance. My first concern was "will it taste as good?" followed by "what is being used to thicken this stuff?". The taste seems pretty equivalent and according to the label, a tsp. of this is equal to a tsp. of their vanilla extract. The thickener used is Gum tragacanth, which if you wiki it shows as being a gum from a middle eastern tree.Personally, I\'d prefer to cook with stuff that doesn\'t have added thickeners, colorings, artificial flavorings etc., so going forward I will be sure to check the label and order the extract. However, I didn\'t see anything about the gum tragacanth to make me want to toss this bottle out and not use it at all.I do not think this has better or more intense flavor than the Nielsen-Massey Vanilla extract although others here have claimed this. You do see the little bits of vanilla bean in the gel/paste, so if you like that "look" of vanilla bean specks in your ice cream, cake or whatever you\'re making then this will give you that. However, taste wise, it\'s not better plus you\'re adding a tree gum to your food.All-in-all I\'ll stick with the same brand vanilla extract going forward, but would be willing to order this paste again if their extract weren\'t available (because the taste of the Nielsen-Massey Madagascar Bourbon Vanilla is far superior to every other vanilla I\'ve used in the past (including home-made).', 'This was recommended for all kinds of baking needs.  It looks so super and we appreciate its availability through Amazon.com.', 'This is my favorite vanilla for baking, by far!!! I love that it is not a thin liquid but more of a thick, syrup consistency, so when added to anything you are baking (especially in quantities that are over and above the quantity called for in a recipe, which is a must for me) it does not alter the end product the way traditional thin vanilla extract does. In addition, like all Nielsen-Massey vanilla products, it has a robust vanilla flavor. Accept no cheap substitute. This is worth the price; your taste buds will thank you.', "This is a great price for this much vanilla bean paste and this brand is one of the best.  I'm thinking the average baker would never use this much paste but I bake several times a week and so this goes pretty quickly for me.  I use it in place of vanilla extract but NOT when I want to keep an item really white like my fluffy buttercream icing (I use a clear vanilla extract for that).  I pretty much always double the amount of vanilla I put into a recipe because I love the flavor so much.  The fun thing about vanilla bean paste is you get the attractive little black flecks like you would if you hand scraped a vanilla bean for your recipe.  I use vanilla beans themselves too and I think the paste is just as good.  You won't regret getting this. Great and delicious in poundcake! Yum!", "As I believe someone else had mentioned, I put vanilla on my vanilla!  This is my kind of vanilla.  I even open it up sometimes just to smell it!  And it's great in pies.  We also make a vanilla fruit dip and it's terrific!  I am just wondering how I am going to scrape the inside of the bottle to make sure I get every drop of it!  My husband even drizzled some over his vanilla ice cream.  And I have put some in my hot vanilla chai.  Like I said, I like vanilla on my vanilla!  I love that you can actually see the bean specs also.  It's definitely the best I have ever had!", 'I actually discovered vanilla paste in the smaller quantity here on Amazon and ordered it several times. I absolutely love it and decided to upgrade to this larger size because it is a much better value. The savings are incredible! I recommend this to anyone that cooks with vanilla extract. Try it; you will like it!', "In my opinion, this is the best vanilla out there.  The flavor is good, you can buy it in huge bottles and it's got those cute little specks of vanilla bean in it.  I put vanilla in everything I bake, it's my favorite flavor.  Doesn't cook out, stays strong in your baked goodies.  Highly recommend.", 'My wife likes this tea. This is a good product that was as described. It arrived on time and was well packaged.', 'It has no sugar so I bought it.  I mean all cranberries are sweetened but this is not so I am happy with this.', 'Great taste and Anti Bloat!This was recommended for relaxing and it does that too.A nice change from other Teas.', 'This is an interesting tea. It has a light sweet flavor. Supposedly has health benefits. Need to drink more to get the benefits.', "I read where Dandelion tea could help with weight loss.  Whether or not that is true I can't atest.  After reading some of the potential side affects of drinking dandelion tea, I decided it was not for me and tossed it out.", 'Have tried another Dandelion Root Tea and the taste was horrible.  This tea has a very mild pleasant taste and I look forward to my afternoon cup of tea.', "Valerian itself smells pretty bad and the taste...well, the addition of mint makes it better, but this tea is still an acquired taste. I've bought this particular brand of Valerian Mint tea for several years and have found it to be a helpful, natural sleep aid.I heat about 6 ounces of water and let the bag steep for at least 7 to 8 minutes so it's nice and concentrated. When I'm drinking it to help sleep, I have it 30-40 minutes before going to bed. It definitely helps me feel more relaxed and fall to sleep a little easier than usual. Although Valerian is herbal, check with your doctor or pharmacist to make sure it won't interact with any OTC or prescription medications you're taking.", "One male Amazon reviewer here stated that dandelion root reduced the inflammation in his foot.  I liked his story so much I gave this tea a try because I felt I suffered from inflammation as well, although it involved the nasal passage.  After finishing more than half the package, having three cups of dandelion tea a day for more than a week, I have to attest to the fact that it did little more than give me hope.  I enjoyed the tea.  It did not have a bitter or odd taste, not to me.  I drank it hot without honey.  It was a bit of a diuretic and I felt it gave me a bit more energy somehow, but it did not make a noticeable difference in my cold-like symptoms related to mucous and my nose.  I am only reporting my experience, not a scientific test and I certainly don't know if dandelion tea is even supposed to work with nose inflammation and colds.I liked the tea and enjoyed drinking this tea more than drinking black or green tea or even Earl Grey tea.  I will keep a stock of dandelion tea on hand now that I've enjoyed the experience of it.  It probably does have good medicinal uses, though not for what I have.", 'This tea i had never tried before, it has a very good flavor and will probably order again when  I do the tea diet again', 'This tea has wonderful flavor and is a very good quality product. I will buy it again and have recommended it to others.', 'Very nice tea.  I actually mix it with a black tea and drink it every day and have noticed that I do feel calmer and happier.', 'lovely tea for that time of the month helps ease cramps and ive been buying this tea for about two years now and ive never had an issue with drinking it... very lite taste and i just love it', "Almost tastes like Parsley?  I tried to plant the product and it just won't grow? Can't figure it out! Great on Salads", "Drank some as soon as I got it. Unfortunately, the flavor is so un-memorable, that I haven't thought of it much since! I do like that I could mix it with any other tea flavor, however, because I do believe that it has beneficial properties. It was sealed in a back in the box, and while that bag is not resealable, I expect that as long as I remember to, I will drink it up before it goes stale. Not sure I'd notice the flavor difference, honestly.", 'Its tea. I purchased it for the benefits of hyssop. The flavor is bland, but  Im hoping it is strong enough to see the benefits.', "good for therapeutic means. you have to take tea like this everyday to feel any real benefits but it's helpful", "I don't like nettles. I discovered this with this tea. It is quality tea but the taste is not for me. I do know a couple of people who LOVE it but for me, its terrible so I averaged out their great review and my awful one and gave it 3 stars.", 'This is my husbands favorite tea!  He absolutely loves licorice and this tea really hits the spot.  He drinks it pretty much every evening.', 'is great for the eyes.  Got it at a good price, & it tastes great.  Nothing else to say.  Period.', "I heard this tea might kill cancer cells so I ordered a box to see how it tasted because I have a niece with lung cancer.  The tea tastes great and I should have ordered more.  I'm giving her this box and so we don't know if it will help her but it surely won't hurt and it tastes great.", 'Interested in this tea for its joint benefits. Did some research online on various sites and this link is a comprehensive  source for the various health benefits found in drinking Nettle Tea[...]  {copy & paste this link}I drink other teas from this same brand and the quality and flavor compared to other brands of the same type of tea are not even comparable. I highly value Traditional Medicinals for both taste and quality.', 'I bought them as a gift for a friend who loves this tea.  She seems very happy.  Arrived fast and in great condition.  Thank you!', 'This is the most excellent tea. It is very smooth and relaxing. It tastes like chamomile tea a bit but milder. I love to have a cup in the evening with a drop or two of stevia to sweeten. Definitely will buy more.', "My mind races so fast that sometime even i cant keep up with the pace and especially towards the end of the day when I am suppose to be winding down, my brain sure aren't in that same space and hence I dont get a great night sleep.  I will drink this tea at the end of the night to make me calm down naturally and it does help.  Does not have a strong flavor even after steeping it for over 10 minutes.", "Tea is always refreshing, but this is just helpful. Not only does it have a nutritious value, but it is easy to use. This also goes well withMenopause Support- 3 Bottles/ 1 Month Supply. All-Natural Herbal Remedy for the Relief of Hot Flashes and Other Menopause Symptomsas it helps to keep you relaxed. Well I can't think any other reason why you shouldn't at least try this tea.", "I have used Pau D'Arco tea for a few decades to help my body fight off yeast infections. I always found it unpalatable, the taste was so harsh. A couple years ago, I discovered Traditional Medicinals' Pau D'Arco blend. The other ingredients that they add make it quite pleasant. Then, I discovered Alvita's Pau D'Arco nearly a year ago. What a surprise! It is the pure herb, but tastes much like Traditional Medicinals' blend. It is not my favorite tea to drink, but it is my favorite way to get Pau D'Arco. I find that Alvita teas are always excellent in flavor. I associate flavor with quality, thus I think I am getting a lot of the active ingredient in their brand.", 'I think we will be buying this again.  There is a local man who made as good if not better honey but he has passed on as far as we know.  We taste test honey often.  I like it in my tea and my husband likes his on bread.', "What can I say bad about this honey? Nothing!!! I even wonder if it's just raw honey at all! It is very thick, sweet, and creamy! I only use it for tea but when I did my YouTube review I tasted it and boy why did I do that????? It is YUMMY!! Check out my YouTube review to get my full opinion and reaction! [...]", "I take a spoonful in the am and pm. I'm a hot sleeper and this regulates my metabolism wonderfully. Highly recommend this.", 'This has to be the best tasting honey on the market in my humble opinion. Use it in my coffee and it melts right away. Gives the coffee a taste like none other. It comes in the hardened state but like I said with the coffee I use it in it melts easily. Or either put the jar in warm water to melt it.', "There's nothing terribly special about this honey.  By the description on the side of the jar you'd think this was manna from heaven.  You can tell it's honey and not sugar, but it has none of the lovely subtle flavours I was expecting from a a jar that says 'We have searched the world and traveled thousands of miles to find the perfect isolated, untouched areas where nature is abundant with wildflowers that flourish in the undisturbed frontier wilderness.' etc ect.I used to get big 5kg tubs of raw honey from a local beekeeper, it was oh so much more flavorful than this stuff, their clover honey was like nibbling on clover blossoms and their wildflower was as unpredictable as wildflowers are, but always something fresh and fruity and floral and wonderful, but I've since moved away... I thought this would be a good replacement, but alas, I will have to go searching and see if I can find a farmer's market nearby.If you're coming from the perspective of using the honey flavoured corn syrup often sold as honey in supermarkets, you'll find this delightful.  Just know that there is much, much better out there.", "So I wanted to run an experiment to see if spiking insulin levels after exercise induced muscle gain. Since sugar is not really healthy, I decided to use honey since it is purportedly full of healthy nutrients. As pasteurizing inactivates most of the nutrients, I chose organic and raw honey. It arrived in enough bubble wrap to protect the jar from a drop of at least 100 feet. Quite impressive. It took me a minute with a knife to get it all off. The honey itself was pretty hard on top but was softer about an eighth inch in. Taste was perfect. I spent half a day slowly heating it and it eventually became a viscous liquid but after 2 days it appears to be crystallizing again. It's not that bad because I kind of liked the sensation of the honey melting in my mouth, slowly releasing the sweetness. I find that making a peanut butter and honey sandwich is as good to me as any dessert I have ever tried but much healthier. Overall, I am pleased with the honey.", 'Great stuff!  I love the taste and the health benefits of raw honey.  A side advantage is less sticky mess.  Very easy to spoon into your tea with no sticky drips!  Rather expensive, but a large container that should go a long way.', 'Great, on my third jar.Great taste.Havent  had such good tasting honey in a long time.It always comes before they say', 'It was...different. I am sp used to processed foods it actually tasted quite odd. I like it though, I used it for my homemade cinnamon-rolls yesterday and they came out so mouth-watering delicious. I also Used it in my hair this morning along with hot oil to condition my hair & my hair is sooooooo soft. I have very dry curly hair and it brought the bounce and shine back into my curls!! :)NO COMPLAINTS!!', 'For the past 4 months I have been eating healthy. Everything from having no artificial sweeteners to recording every calorie and nutrient I eat.  After doing hours of research I came to the conclusion all natural honey needed to be introduced to my diet. I was very impressed!!! I typically make a fresh ground almond butter sandwich add bananas, and this honey and it tastes great!Taste: AMAZINGPrice: Not bad, because it lasts a LONG LONG time. You wont use much at a time.Health: VERY GOOD FOR YOUOverall, I would but it again!', "Very delicious and different from the store bought honey I've been used to my whole life.  It is solid but not crystalized in the way that store bought honey gets after awhile, more like a type of butter.  It spreads easy and this is better I think because there is less of a mess than dealing with a liquid.They wrapped it 3x thick in bubble wrap, I guess from after all the responses of broken bottles lol.", 'Currently comparing this with Manuka, and I really like this honey.  It looks more like what I expect in a raw, unprocessed honey; and I like that it is in a glass jar.', 'For years I used &#34;the other stuff&#34;.  That is the kind of honey you can see thru.  Then I read about being concerned regarding the country of origin of most mixed honey and decided to give Organic a try.  Its a bit more work to use this, but the taste is wonderful.  The pearly cream color and consistency makes this honey SO MUCH better than the other variety.You need to use a spoon, but its wonderful in the place of jelly on sandwiches.  I like that this is from Canada and US sources.If you are considering trying Organic Honey .. give this a try.  I thought 32oz would be too big of a jar but its alreadyhalf gone.Great  price too.', "This is definitely different (even though the packaging looks similar) to the other honey I have boughtY.S. Eco Bee Farms Raw Honey - 22 oz.  This honey is a whole food and avoids all of the processes that are involved with making that other honey that is available on the grocers shelves.I love the raw (spun) kind of honey.  The thickness and the taste of flowers (you can get an idea of what types of flowers the bees visited) give this particular brand a light, floral taste.My bottle had a crystallized layer at the top that was almost waxy.  This added to the flavor and texture and was not a problem.  As others have mentioned, this can be softened by placing the bottle in hot water.  I find that this honey is great on my Udi's GF bread as toastUdi's Gluten Free Whole Grain Bread (1 Case).  A spoonful of the honey is great for the throat and just feels good.Love it.", "I will buy nothing but raw honey. This brand is very good!! It is very difficult not to eat spoonful's!* I take a spoonful before bed and it actually helps me to sleep better.* Put honey on a cut and it WILL heal faster!* GREAT for skin.  Either water it down to be thinner to wash your face with or put honey on your face as a facial.  Once the honey has set on your skin for about 10 minutes, press your fingers (flattened hand) against the honey and pull.  Yes, sticky.  Do this for several minutes all over your face. It helps to pull toxins out of your skin and stimulates blood flow. Your skin is left sparkling clean.* Raw honey has antibiotic properties which is why they say to put honey in warm water and sip. It helps  coat the throat and reduce irritation.* For blocked sinuses, mix a teaspoon or so in a pot of hot water and then put the towel over your head and inhale the steam.  Again, the antibiotic properties help with a sinus infection.* To treat allergies the honey should be local so the bees have made the honey from the local pollen.* A spoonful (ok, a heaping spoonful) in my coffee or tea gets a burst of energy.I love the texture, I love the taste.  Absolutely night and day from processed honey.", 'I tried both ys organic bee farms raw honey. The certified organic and the other non certified version. This honey has good flavor but i find the texture is a bit too hard. This version comes in a glass jar. The other version comes in a plastic jar. The other version is a better texture and flavor in my opinion. The other version has a slightly more intense honey flavor at least over the processed kind. The 22 oz version is my pick between the two', "This honey has an excellent flavor, especially after i set it in warm tap water (100-110 degrees F) for about an hour to get it real creamy. The sweetness is perfect, the creamy body is just right and it just has a downright nice &#34;honey taste&#34;.The creamy honey is far better than the raw, organic honey that can crystalize after sitting for a long while, which has a grainy texture I don't care for.", 'I really like this honey and the flavor it adds to my teas.  I will definitely purchase this product again.', 'I had to find a sweetener replacement because agave syrup gave me carb-reactive hypoglycemia and blood sugar issues.This honey is - delectable.I use it:- for raw chocolate syrup - 1 part raw dark cocoa powder, 1 part raw coconut oil or cocoa butter, 1/2 part honey (or to taste)- for healing honey - warm water, a bit of lemon and 1/2 tsp of this honey a day for body-healing properties- for cinnamon toast - spread this plus sprinkled cinnamon over gluten-free breadAll in all, I will for SURE be a regular and buy this again when I run out.NOTE:  the top of my honey looked white, maybe from oxidation on the top layer or moisture in the honey top layer.  But it tasted Fine!Yum yum!', 'I like it. The price is good and the quality of the honey seems to be good for a raw organic honey.', 'This is the best honey we have ever had. It has the bees wax on top to seal the honey and to eat a scoop of the wax with the honey is so good. Love this stuff!!!', "I LOVE THIS STUFF!  It seemed costly, but, I am so glad I tried it. It is a firm form of the tastiest honey I have ever had. I spoon it right out of the jar and into my mouth. If you need it to be softer you just warm it up. It's not crystalized like when honey sits for too long. This is smooth and has a creamy feel in the mouth. It melts quickly in my tea and the smell is divine. Highly recommended!", 'Great product especially for vegans, great foe healing cuts and burns?easy to store. Just keep out of heat and light no refrigeration requmired', "Great value for the quality and price! I've had a lot of raw honey and this one is fabulous!! Well worth the purchase.", "This is great honey - very nice flavor, very mild, great to use in baking, on rice cakes, in coffee or tea... all around great organic honey...  I put the jar in the microwave to make it more runny, because it doesn't come that way.  If you are going to put in tea or coffee, or spread on rice cakes, its fine as it is - but need to make it runny if you are going to bake with it, so you can pour into a measuring cup...", 'First let me just say..I thought about this before I wrote this review, after taking things into consideration I decided since my satisfaction was a total disregard in the first place I think I should warn people prior to their purchase.when I received my package EVERYTHING in the box was dripping in honey & might I add ((NOT CHEAP)) honey at that!! I bought 2 jars of this honey & they were both destroyed when they came. The boxes of Tea I purchased were also in the box with the jars & were sloshing in the broken glass jars of honey as well..Why buy glass jars of anything if it comes busted??? I have purchased many items on Amazon that were glass & always they were wrapped specially for protection against the rough treatments in transit. This time however?  it was rolling around loose DUH!!!! you do NOT insert 2 glass jars together in a big box & expect them to arrive in tact I mean how dumb!!! it was so gross I couldnt salvage anything but the honey soaked tea boxes. Needless to say I wont be buying from this company again, I know who I can safely buy from..those sellers that take extra care in the shipping process. OUT $45.57 & one BIG FAT STICKY MESS!!!!!!!!!!!', 'very easy to get out of jar, delicious in taste and priced right! I like it thicker like this for easy spreading!', 'I love honey, and this is no exception. The flavor is good, with a mellowness that highlights the organic nature of the product. The honey is thick and fairly hard in the jar, but melts rapidly in tea or on toast.', "I call this happiness in a jar.Okay it's not 100% raw like from a honeycomb, but its not bad either. Also, raw honey is a much better alternative than 'healthier processed' sweeteners like xylitol and stevia.", "I still haven't figured out what makes this honey the color and consistency that it is.. I buy local honey but wanted to try this.. I love the flavor and fact that it's not filtered in any way.. Don't think it has quite the taste as my local raw honey though.. May purchase again..", 'There is double the taste when you get the organic honey.  I ate one pound in a month just in my coffees.  Very cheap if you look around.', 'I enjoy honey in my morning tea, and the local health food store had run out so I bought this.  It was more firm than the honey I typically get, but still very flavorful and does the job to sweeten the tea!  I just like the taste and consistency of local raw honey better I guess?', 'This is a very delicious, pure, true raw USDA organic honey.REAL HONEY: Raw honey is expensive. USDA organic honey is more expensive than just even organic honey without the stamp of USDA. To combine RAW and USDA organic and add qualities like Only 100% pure raw, unpasteurized, unfiltered, undiluted, untreated, unprocessed, no HFCS, not adulterate, not blended with other items such as corn syrup and rice syrup, makes it the true honey not glucose tasting like honey. For that reason that superior product, that superior superfood never sells in big buckets, or hardly ever in any container over 16 oz jar.FILTERING: At country\'s top honey packers, Dutch Gold, in Lancaster, PA, raw honey gets pumped through layers of white filters. Before the honey hit the filters, a powdered sedimentary rock called diatomaceous earth is added. This is a standard, widely used process. It removes all the pollen, along with dust, bees\' wings, and, of course, the diatomaceous earth.ORGANIC HONEY: Organic honey doesn\'t go through nearly as fine a filter since organic rules prohibit the use of diatomaceous earth in the filtering process but regardless it is not a raw honey just because organic.VARIETY: Weather, location, flower type and season impact the coloring, taste and viscosity of honey produced by bees. Honey by the cost will hardly even crystallize. Tupelo sold by YS is raw although runny and pourable which will not crystallize due to its high moisture content. If from outside of US then Fair Trade stamp has some assurances of fair treatment of workers although not true in every case.CHINESE HONEY: Chinese honey famous for "ultrapurified," a technique that can involve diluting honey with extra water, running it through extremely fine filters, and then removing the water. The process filters out much more and produces a sweet substance that is no longer honey. The process removes any pollens and the possibility of identifying the source of honey. Chinese honey is barred from the U.S. not because it\'s unsafe, but because U.S. officials decided it was too cheap. Chinese honey has had more than its share of safety problems. But there\'s also plenty of perfectly good Chinese honey for sale on the world market. EU is fussier about honey quality than the US, yet EU imports lots of honey from China but not US.QUALITY: A honey is only as good as the producer and regardless of all marketing and claims by sellers, there is no assurance that a jar of honey is full of pollen, unheated or unfiltered at 100 degree instead of 130 degree. Even if the honey was heated only to 90 degree at the time of production, the honey jar could be sitting in a storage or while being transported in containers that the temperatures can easily exceed 100 degrees. The only assurance that I have is purchasing honey from a producer with high quality reputation and a seller with high turnover. Wedderspoon brand and New Zealand are on top of my list. Purchasing Wedderspoon directly from Wedderspoon or authorized distributor is the only assurance I have for proper storage, pollen and enzymes that honey is consumed for.USES: I consume honey not by labeling but by the amount of pollen it carries. Only 100% pure raw, unpasteurized, unfiltered, undiluted, untreated, unprocessed, no HFCS, not adulterate, not blended with other items such as corn syrup and rice syrup from only trusted brands. I consume honey all the time since it has many nutritional benefits for me. I consume after any meal since it helps digestion. I used to consume chocolate years ago but I do not anymore since I consume pure cocoa which I add to my power drinks. I am into many sports and quality honey is the best quick energy I can get to boost my immune system and give myself a healthy rush of energy when I am in middle of my mountain biking, hiking, backpacking, surfing, etc. I drink lots of tea and I never use honey instead I use molasses. Molasses does not lose its nutritional value when heated but any heat to raw honey kills the quality enzymes and pollen in honey so I only consume honey straight out of the jar with spoon in moderation due to its high calories. Honey is the best ointment for all my scabs in mountain biking trails. After a day when my wounds are sealed I place raw honey for rejuvenation and it is the best healer of all instead of using Neosporin which loosens the scab and removes the scab, leaving scars on my skin. Bravo.', 'It look high quality product. The consistency and taste are perfect, and the glass container add better conservation. Thanks a lot.', 'A tasty, healthy spread: Combine 1/2 cup of YS Organic Honey with 1/3 cup extra virgin coconut oil* (add a teaspoon of organic lemon oil or orange oil for fruit flavoring if desired). Both honey and coconut oil should be cool but not cold for easiest mixing.* Try Garden of Life Extra Virgin Coconut Oil (sold in glass jars).', "I have been used to consuming honey which is sparkling in nature. Most of honey we get in supermarkets is not raw honey but  which has been pasteurized (heated at 70 degrees Celsius or more, followed by rapid cooling) for easy filtering and bottling so that it looks cleaner and smoother, more appealing on the shelf. When I looked at raw honey I could not believe why it looked like this. But the taste is awesome, and I have been reading up reviews here as well as online on health benefits of raw homey. I drink with warm water in morning or in raw spoonful. My grandparents had beehives, but I don't remember now how it looked over 35 years ago!This looks thick, but once you taste it you are hooked.", 'I mostly used it in my morning smoothies not too sweet keep us sneeze free and easy to spoon out.', 'Thank God the honey bees are still around. The chemical companies want them all dead. This bee product is very, very good, I have been buying their product for many years. If they could only talk !', "I had not recently tried organic raw honey so I was not sure what to expect, regardless, I did not expect this.  The taste is unbelievable, sweet yet not cloying- nothing else tastes quite like it.  The texture is also a nice surprise in that it's slightly creamy but with more body and texture than a typical processed spread like Nutella.Take a piece of high quality dense bread like Ezekiel bread, lightly toast it to bring out the nuttiness, then liberally apply a swab of raw honey to make a little piece of heaven on earth- delicious!", "I have never been a fan of brown honey, but this honey is awesome. The taste and texture is worlds apart from regular brown honey. It's also very nutritious. Who knew honey is also a prebiotic! This is the only honey I will buy now. Highly recommend!", 'It has a very light, delicate taste and goes wonderfully in most drinks. It does not go with everything, of course, but as far as honeys go this is a very solid all-around performer, right up there with fireweed, orange blossom, acacia, and southwest desert wildflower.', "I've always had that liquid, gooey golden brown honey, even fresh off the combs from a friend whose relatives did beekeeping. This however, is by far the best I've had. It's slightly floral and to me a tiny bit of spice. It's great in sweetening desserts too.", 'Honey is a good wholesome food, problem is if its shipped in glass, its bound to get broke, which it was, so naturally i hate to waste any thing, i heated it up filtered the glass out of it, but i know it now was just like store bought, had to heat it,,,,', 'these lasted me FOREVER! such a huge bag! i stored in my freezer and used when I needed it. recommend.', 'This is perfect for making coconut almond brittle.  Thing is, I found the same coconut at Kroger for $2.99.  I have never seen it until I ordered it online!  It is just so easy to order on Amazon Prime :) .', 'These are tasty but a bit on the crumbly side, turn powdery in yr hand.  Useful in cooking, esp. Cakes & frosting.', "These coconut &#34;chips&#34; look more like shaved coconut with lots of crumbs.  If you've seen shaved parmesan, that's what it looks like.  They are dehydrated but otherwise are minimally processed.  They are very tasty and have a nice texture for snacking, as opposed to shredded coconut.  Of course, since they aren't chip-like chips, you can't eat them like you would potato chips.  If you're going to eat them right out of the bag, be prepared for pieces on your clothes and carpet.  You can't leave them there because of the very high fat content.  They can cause oil stains.  I find it helpful to have my dog around when I'm snacking on these chips.I didn't realize that the fat content of coconut was so super-high.  Two ounces, or approximately one loose cup, contains 454 calories, of which 378 are fat.  There are 42 grams of fat in a 2 oz serving, of which 35.9 grams are saturated fat.  I know that there are health benefits to including coconut oil in my diet, but I thnk I'll be using these chips as more of a condiment, like with fruit and yogurt.Coconut is a natural anti-fungal.  One recommended use is for thrush infections.  This was definitely the favorite treatment, but I can't tell if it was helping.  Gentian violet has been the most effective so far for thrush.", 'So great to be able to shop for product on line. Unable to purchase product in my area because it is so small. Coconut chip  were fresh and tasted great.', "Nothing you don't want, just pure, great tasting coconut. Very clean, good taste & quality. I recommend removing the coconut from the plastic bag & storing in a glass or BPA free plastic container.", 'Ten bucks a pound is a lot for cocoanut, and this is not an everyday purchase, but the quality is premium.  Unsweetened chips of exactly the right thickness and dimensions.  It makes a good snack straight out of the package, toasts beautifully and works well in trail mixes raw.', "Thought these were going to be more like the large chunks of coconut that are slightly sweetened that I love.  These are plain coconut chips.  I'm using them in my morning smoothies for extra fiber.....", 'This product was delivered promptly without problems.  I found the coconut to be exactly what I needed.  It is not actually chips, but rather thick and wide strips of delicious, moist coconut.  Yum!', "This was a terrific buy and very fresh as well. Intended to use it exclusively for baking, but we couldn 't resist digging in and topping our ice cream with it as well.Yummy", 'I was so happy to find sugar free unsweetened coconut chips. They are really filling and the bag seems to go on forever. I have ordered this 2 times now and will make it a part of my pantry as long as they sell it!', 'too dry and could be tastier. Ive used other ones and these chips were either old and not fresh or just not the best sorry.', 'Item was recieved in a timely mannor and was packed as to protect item. would recomend this item for purchase', "Good stuff, I can pretty much choose how much cheese flavor I want in my foods. Great for home or camping & because its powder I don't have to watch for shelf life or mold ;-)", "This tastes like Kraft's mac & cheese. If you buy this and some elbow macaroni, you'll have the world fooled into thinking your dish came from a blue cardboard box.But hey, I enjoy boxed mac & cheese, and I enjoy using this cheese powder with other types of noodles to make shells & cheese or linguine & cheese. Perhaps I could even mix it into a white sauce and make nacho cheese.But the further away I went from mac & cheese, the less enjoyable I found this powdered solution to be. For example, I tried using it to make my favorite broccoli cheese soup, and the results were so disappointing I didn't even eat all of it. This definitely cannot replace regular cheddar, but it sure can make a quick and easy, cheesy meal.", "I tried both this product and 'Hoosier Hill Farm Cheddar Cheese Powder'. Both are very similar with a very slight nod to Hoosier Hill Farm's for better flavor (IMHO).  The products do not have a strong &#8220;cheesy&#8221; and are a little more salty than I would like, however it is powder cheese after all.  I tried both water and milk in the preparation, and not surprisingly, milk yields a more favorable result.  As a standalone cheese sauce it OK but not great, however I find it works well as a flavored binder or thickening agent with marinara or spaghetti sauce.  The long shelf life (if stored correctly) makes it a nice product to have around, I&#8217;ll buy more.Preparation:  Like most powdered food stuff, mixing the product takes a little care to avoid a lumpy result.  Its best to the powder in a small cup, add a little HOT liquid, and fold together with a spoon to form a thick paste.  Continue adding small amounts of liquid at a time until the past becomes a thick liquid consistency, and then the remaining liquid can be added.", 'I am excited to begin using this product to create my creamy cheese sauce and to add to my macaroni and cheddar bake.  It is a lot more convenient than shredding and melting cheeses or cooking into a sauce.  Also, I think it would be a very good addition to some potato dishes to give them some pizzaz!', "i was a bit skeptical at first but it's a wonderful addition to eggs, chowders, anyplace you want a cheesy flavor that tastes like cheese and not a chemical. plus it is not salty. it's a true cheese flavor. this is a must have in my kitchen. just adding this: you can mix it with a buttery spread for a new twist on garlic bread, bake it in the oven for a few minutes, bread wrapped in foil at 350. my company could not get enough. i'm sure i'll come up with more uses. stay tuned.", 'I bought two of these, a small one and this one. They are a must have for the prepared minded person. Add some to any dish to add wonderful cheesiness without grating or making a mess. Very easy to use and has awesome flavor.', "I bought this for popcorn after reading all the reviews. To keep it short here, it's way too salty, so you have to use just a little, then you can't taste it because all you can taste is salt. Then there's that super artificial bright orange color which is not at all close to the color of most cheddar cheeses. Too artificial looking. To sum it up, I do not recommend this for anything. Can't imagine putting on pasta for mac & cheese! Way too salty! Ick!I will continue my search for cheese powder.", "This powdered cheese is very flavorful and rich a little goes a long way. Made a thin paste for drizzling on steamed veggies and it was really quite good. Stirred a couple tablespoons into sour cream for my baked potato - absolutely divine! So convenient to use it makes you want to try new recipes. Cheesy cheddar mashed veggies? Yes please! Cheesy scrambled eggs? Next on my list!I did deduct a star because I think the artificial color is wayyyy overdone. This is real cheddar cheese without fillers, but the artificial colors make it look fake and unappetizing. I guess I understand they're going for that &#34;mac n cheese&#34; look with this powder, but honestly, I think it would be more appealing if it weren't fluorescent orange. Maybe with just a touch of anatto to give it a warm tint, or even leave the coloring out altogether and market it as &#34;white cheddar&#34;. The bright orange just looks... odd, especially on dark green vegetables.If the color doesn't bother you one bit, think of this as a five star product rating!", "We eat a lot of popcorn. I mean a lot. We buy it in 50# bags - just the two of us; the wife an I. I like flavors on my popcorn, and use garlic butter, Parmesan cheese, and other flavors. This cheese powder seemed like just the thing for a great flavoring on my popcorn. But, I was wrong. I tried it once. The bag is still clipped shut in the cupboard. The texture was gritty, and more stuck to the bowl than the popcorn. The color is more intense than the flavor. I didn't find it to be that cheese flavored popcorn I imagined.I told my wife to use it up in other dishes that could use a bit more cheese, but I don't think she is too thrilled to try it again. Live and learn.", "I was hoping it would be more like the Kraft M&C but it wasn't.  I could see where it would be good on popcorn though.", 'I debated whether to leave a review, given that there are so many, and especially given that the one that is currently ranked most helpful, conveys (for the most part) my \'take\' on this salt (including the fact that I, as well, use it as a finishing salt [and for the same reasons] to asparagus, and to meats... additionally, I sprinkle the flakes atop various other foods [including hash browns], just before serving).I decided to go ahead and leave a review, however, and despite the fact that it would be among the so many singing the praises of this remarkable and unique salt.  And while seemingly at risk of positive review after positive review perhaps sounding \'broken record\' -like, to some, my thinking is that in addition to the unique aspects found in a given review, if it helps anyone to have a particular impression and a specific \'use profile\' with this salt found in more than one review, then I\'m glad -- I know that it\'s been helpful to me, in my own experience, when reading through reviews of other products, prior to my having tried an associated item for the first time.This salt is incredible, and SO different from other salts, in terms of both its texture and its taste.  The coarseness, crunchiness, beautiful appearance, and wonderful taste of this salt lend themselves to inspired use.  And adding this salt to the \'finishing touches\' of a particular item can, all by itself, render the subsequent serving of said item a \'special occasion\' (that\'s how it feels for me).I\'ve been spontaneously inspired to add this salt to various things (let alone things to which I would not otherwise add salt [or if I did, it would involve nowhere near the taste experience and outcome of that achieved when adding Maldon salt]), including freshly torn pieces of roast chicken (to make a heavenly treat with a delightful added taste and \'crunch factor\')... and to a hardboiled egg that has been sliced in half (which, for me, \'elevates\' the subsequent taste experience from something simple to something with an almost regal decadence)... as well as to the top of a simply prepared plate of \'nachos\' consisting of baked blue corn tortilla chips with a minimal amount of melted mild cheddar-like cheese (and is especially good if the cheese is made from sheep\'s milk) -- to which the added flakes of Maldon salt atop the freshly melted cheese result in a \'sinfully delicious\' taste and \'crunch\' experience (with the Maldon salt\'s taste doing a special \'dance\' with the mild saltiness of the melted cheese, and piggybacking a slamdunk terrific taste on the cheese-being-compressed-into-it bite into the chip).From the first time I tasted Maldon salt, over 10 years ago, I have considered it the best salt that I have ever tasted, and to possess my absolute favorite texture, as well -- the crunchiness of this salt, when combined with its taste, make for a heavenly combination.  And the sheer look of its beautiful flakes adds its own aesthetic enhancement to anything one \'dresses\' with it.I love Maldon salt, and consider it a kind of \'special ops\' wildcard of sorts, \'in the kitchen\' :) -- this salt has transformative power, when it comes to food items to which it is added/topped with... and with respect to the resulting taste and crunch factor, there are striking \'before and after\' \'pics\' (so to speak), when it comes to the \'taste makeovers\' possible in conjunction with its being the sole difference.  When sprinkling flakes of this salt atop various items, I might as well be waving a magic wand... :)Honestly, the \'reaction\' I experience, when partaking of an item to which I\'ve added Maldon Salt, is deserving of its own theme music.  And while not matching in \'tone\', music-wise, to what it is I experience, the title of Tina Turner\'s "Simply the Best" is nonetheless more than apropos... :)', "I've been looking for some nice sea salt flakes that can serve both as regular salt and add that special crunch as a finishing salt.  I would highly recommend this salt!  In a pinch if I've ran out of my other salt, I use this and it works great!!", "These flakes are very nice for finishing dishes with. I don't use this for cooking (I use cheaper sea salt for that) but simply to give texture and fresh saltiness to finished dishes. Shipping takes quite awhile since mine came from UK, but it's worth it.", "If you're a foodie, then you know salts have distinctive flavors just like anything else. Maldon is my favorite salt. I use it on everything! But, it's EXPENSIVE in my local grocery stores.After finding it here on Amazon for such a fantastic price and quantity, I'll never have to do without it again:)", 'This salt is a great finishing salt for sweet or savory foods.  It flakes well between the fingers and has a pure taste.  I buy on amazon because it beats out my local grocery price any day.  I will be buying again.', 'After reading the reviews, I expected these salt flakes to be really special in flavor and texture. I was looking for a real "flake" that would melt on warm or hot food and blend into the flavor. These don\'t.  They are too large and too coarse. I would not buy again.', "I purchased this salt for a recipe for pretzel bread, and now it's starting to show up in other recipes I've been looking at! The flavor of the salt is strong, bright and clean. I would advise to use sparingly!", "Maldon is the best for making salt blends and encrusting things in salt!  I've tried so many others but this is the perfect shape for the best salt base!", 'So far this is he best sea salt.  It has a very good taste, no after taste and pinching between your fingers the salt  actually gets distributed better than a shaker or grinder.  Will keep buying this!', 'I use this Maldon salt nearly every day! It is perfect for finishing, so you get that beautiful crunch from the perfect little salt flakes. I would definitely recommend for any cook!', 'I don\'t use a lot of salt -- so when I do, I want it to be good stuff.This is super.  I don\'t have to use a lot to get the flavor I want -- just a pinch or two.  The flakes are easy to "crush" and that seems to release the flavor.Amazon\'s price for this is super, too.  The 8.5-oz box lasts a long time for me.  Definitely my first choice in salt.', 'I love salt. I would not eat it out of the box but I add a lot of salt to my food and this salt is fantastic. The taste is lovely and the crunch is great. I have been using it solely on desserts thus far and I works so well with my salted caramel chocolate torte. A sprinkle on top of the chocolate top makes a world of difference. It did not dissolve or get watery the way regular salt or even other sea salts would have. It stayed crunchy and whole to the end. You cannot go wrong with this salt.', 'This is great tasting salt and this bag will last you a long long time. I grid it with a hand grinder and use it all the time.', 'I have become a huge fan of different salts for different dishes. Maldon salt is one I saw on a cooking program and I just had to have it to prepare the recipe of the day. It performs just as they said it would. I recommend this to anyone wishing to expand their salt collection.', "I bought this partly because my pink Himalayan sea salt, while fine for cooking, has a tendency to coat my fingers when I pinch it to spread on food. Salt flakes sounded like a better idea.I was right. These salt flakes are more coarse, perhaps a bit larger than sesame seeds but certainly not on the level of corn flakes. They taste fine, have a very nice texture while pinching, and give a delightful crunch when chewed. It's tough to argue with all this.The container has a certain d&eacute;class&eacute; air about it and would be right at home in a French bistro, so you might not feel a need to get a salt box. One would be advisable anyway, just in case, since box can't easily be used as a dispenser once it starts to empty out significantly.", "this is the classic &#34;gourmet&#34; salt.  It is very coarse and hard, so this is not a finishing salt, nor should you use it in an application where it can't sufficiently dissolve.  It has a very bold salty taste, so a little goes a long way!", 'SAF yeast has been a long time favorite of mine.  It was once available locally at health food stores and supermarkets but I\'ve been unable to find any in the last few years.  I\'m very happy to see that Amazon now has it available as an add-on at a super bargain price.  It can be bought in either a single one-pound bag or in a package of four one-pound bags.  While I bake a lot of bread, I\'ve just been buying the single bags and they last through many loaves.  Right now Amazon charges  $7.65 for the single one-pound bags.  That is significantly cheaper than Fleishman\'s and Red Star bought locally for $5.00-6.00 in the 4 oz jars.  I keep the unused yeast in their original bags inside Ziploc freezer bags stored in the freezer.  For frequent daily use, I put some SAF in a Fleishman\'s yeast jar I kept from previous use and I keep this in the refrigerator.  This has proven to be a reliable method in keeping this yeast fresh.Other than the excellent price here on Amazon, SAF is an outstanding yeast.  It\'s very forgiving of the imprecise baker.  I mostly use a bread machine and I do measure the ingredients, however, I\'m not dogmatic about it and I will add a little extra or a little less of some ingredients as the spirit moves me.  When using some other brands of yeast, I occasionally had minor failures.  Usually this involved the bread rising too swiftly and then cratering in the center or when using 100% whole wheat flour, sometimes the loaves were a bit on the dense side.  With only minimal attention to detail, this doesn\'t happen to me with SAF yeast.  Bread made with this yeast rise beautifully into consistently sturdy loaves.I do not detect any off-tastes to bread made with SAF but I never found any off-tastes to bread made with other brands of yeast either.I\'ve read some reviews of bread machines and bread ingredients in which the reviewers say one MUST use a particular brand of flour to make a good loaf of bread.  To that I say, "Horsefeathers!"  Bread and all purpose flours are milled to such universal consistency around the country that it\'s hard to find a poor product.  If you have special needs such as a medical condition or you\'re concerned with only using organic products, that\'s a different subject and altogether outside the scope of this review.Bottom line here is that SAF is as good a bread yeast as you will find and Amazon\'s price is a bargain.', 'ive baked a good 5 loaves with this including some brioche. turns out great everytime. would order again, except its going to take me forever to get through this purchase.', "I make all of my own bread, so I go through a lot of yeast! I just laugh at the tiny packets and jars supermarkets tend to stock. This one-pound bag lasts a good long while. I keep some in a jar in the fridge, and the rest sealed in a bag in the freezer to replenish the jar as needed. It seems like really good yeast--it doesn't have to be proofed but can go straight into baked goods' dry ingredients. And the results with SAF are consistent, unlike with other yeasts. I used to have trouble with bread not rising sometimes when it seemed like I'd done everything right. With SAF, if you follow the same steps, you will get the same results. And that matters a lot to me.", 'This is just the best yeast!  I always get a perfect rise out of it and my kids love the taste it adds to breads, etc.  I keep a pouch in my fridge and store one in my freezer for all my bread and baking needs.', "I use instant yeast to make home made DIY CO2 for several of my planted aquariums.  In the past the mixture I made usually lasted about a week.It is now 19 days into the first batch of DIY CO2 that I  made with SAF instant yeast, and  the CO2 bubbles are still going strong.If the CO2 bubbles last another two days at this rate the CO2 production using SAF will have lasted three times longer than the last instant yeast that I used.This yeast is amazing.  If it's nearly as good at making bread as it is for making DIY CO2 I will be even more pleased.Highly recommended!", "If you hate proofing your yeast, this is for you!  You can skip that nasty little step and get on with your baking!  You might want to invest in a &#34;yeast measuring spoon&#34; to just reach in and get the exact amount of a dry package if you don't like precision measurements (since I believe a package is about 2 1/4 tsps).", "I realize I could have purchased it elsewhere for less price, but since it isn't available locally, and the shipping was free here as an &#34;add-on&#34;  I went with Amazon. I can tell the difference in my breads using this brand over the Fleishmans. It gives a constant even rise.  the best thing I like about this yeast is that I can use it straight from the freezer with same great results, which eliminates the waiting for &#34;room temperature&#34; state required by other yeasts I've used.", "You can't beat the price. Even if you're used to buying the small 4 oz. jars of Fleischmann's for less than $5, this is a whole Lb. for just $7.25! It does require proofing, so it's not a substitute for recipes that require &#34;Rapid Rise&#34; yeast, but it's fresh (I got a batch produced in 04/13 in 08/13) and it's got a two year shelf-life. I've used quite a bit of it so far and I haven't noticed any delay in rising time, or any difference in flavor from what I was using before. It's worth trying for sure.", "I don't know about you, but I have found most types of dried yeast to be temperamental. Sometimes, it just won't work (even though it hasn't expired and it's been stored properly and all that). This yeast, however, is as dependable as an old workhorse. Never needs proofing, just works!", 'I always tend to read the most negative reviews first, and work my way up to 5 stars (unless there are way too many reviews to read). In the past I have purchased bulk yeast. However this is the first time I have purchased instant yeast and the particles are much smaller. Because of the persons who said in their reviews that the yeast was dead-on-arrival, I proofed some of mine when it arrived. See [...] for a freshness test.________________________________________________________________________________________________________________These are some answers I received via email in response to some of my questions:"The SAF Instant yeast is the industrial version of the RED STAR ( [...] ) Quick Rise yeast that is sold in the grocery stores. Each packet of Quick Rise contains 2 1/4 teaspoons. For traditional baking, using the SAF Instant in place of the regular Active Dry Yeast, you would use the same amount/measure that your recipe calls for. Just keep in mind that the SAF Instant is a fast-acting yeast, so you will want to keep an eye on your dough as it may rise faster.""If you are using the yeast in a bread machine full cycle, use 1/2 teaspoon of yeast for each cup of flour in the recipe. This rule applies to both the SAF Instant and the Quick Rise yeast.""For longer than 2 -3 months, the yeast must be stored airtight and in the freezer.  In the refrigerator, it should be airtight and should last no more than 3 months." (NOTE: when I asked how long it would last in the freezer I received a "conditional" answer. I was told that it depended on how old it already was when the package was first opened, whether it was a deep freeze or a self-defrosting freezer, and on the air-tightness of the storage container. She said to stored it in zippered plastic bags with as much air expressed out as the bag is being sealed. However, I always do that and then store the plastic bag of yeast in a tightly closed glass jar. I have had frozen yeast last for 3 years +.)________________________________________________________________________________________________________________Some reviewers said there was no dating information on the package. The area on the back of the bag for dating information looks as though the information should be added in the space below where the production date, the expiration date, and the batch number headings are listed. However, it is not there, but printed on the heat sealed seam to the right of those headings, in small type that is not obvious. I received mine on 11/19/03. It was produced 4/03, expires 4/05, and there is also a production batch number (I do suggest saving the bag). The package says to refrigerate after opening. The bag is not a `resealable\' bag, so I filled a small glass jar and put it in the refrigerator.My husband has a family history of Diabetes, and he has been watching his starches for awhile, so I quit baking as I used to. However, now that he is taking medication for his blood sugar problem he is again eating more starches so at a minimum I will make pizza. I did use some of this yeast with Gold Medal Bread Flour (much cheaper than King Arthur when you are just doing basic yeast baked goods) to make Pizza on 11/21/2003 and the yeast worked very fast and very well.', "I have usedRed StarandFleischmann's Yeastand both good, but I've come to really prefer the LeSaffre yeast.I 'discovered' LeSaffre yeast while reading through bread recipes at the King Arthur website and the positive reviews there motivated me to get out of my rut and try something new.Since I had begun to bake all of my family's bread, I was okay with ordering a pound of yeast.  Given the price of the little packets, and even the little jars, it made sense to make the purchase because even if I ended up throwing some away, it would still be much cheaper to buy the yeast this way.The reason I like the LeSaffre yeast is that it gives me a better and more consistent rise-- and I use whole wheat flour.Definitely recommend.", 'I did research and read that SAF is about the best yeast in the world.  Well... I have found it works better with some recipes and not as well with others.  (Whole Wheat vs White, Home Milled Flour vs Store Bought).  This is also a large amount of yeast.  I am not sure if it is to be refrigerated or not... but I have chosen to vacuum seal it in a Mason Jar and store in fridge to try and keep it fresh for as long as possible.  In the future, I will stick with the other smaller jars I can get at the grocery store.', "I have used instant yeast for bread baking for years. I  see no difference in results from active dry yeast and I like not having to dissolve and proof it. This is a huge quantity and a bargain at $10. I keep it in the freezer and expect it to last for years.The only negative is the packaging.The vac pack is about impossible to open. I had to cut it and transfer to another container. But that's minor.", "As someone that bakes a LOT, for my own family and others, Saf has been a dependable yeast.If you use yeast, it is absolutely throwing money out of the window to buy the small packets.I've used yeast that has been frozen for over 3 years, and it is still active.I portion it into glass jars and always have a few in the freezer and one in the fridge.It lasts far beyond the expiration date  when frozen.For each packet of yeast called for in a recipe, use  2 1/4  teaspoons.", "Don't know why, and it hasn't kept me from baking bread, but yeast has never been my friend. Thought the problem was the &#34;mainstream brands,&#34; but I bought a case of Bob's Red Mill and didn't get ONE RISE out of it (their customer service department never responded to my questions and complaint, either; I poured every package into the compost).Today is the first day it won't be too hot to bake, so I opened the saf and started some bread. At first I thought I had another dud on my hands because after twenty minutes there were NO bubbles. But I could hear it crackling! So I added the flour, kneaded the dough for a few minutes, and put it in the oven to rise.OMG THIS YEAST IS FANTABULOUS!!! Checked on the first rise a few minutes ago and my jaw dropped. I have NEVER had bread rise this high before. This loaf is flour, alone; can't wait to see what happens when I add flax, herbs, etc., but would expect equally excellent results. SO happy to have saf in my arsenal and cupboard now, especially since Santa is bringing me a turbo convection oven which will allow me to bake bread all year long (standard ovens and the tropics are not a good year-'round pairing). No question but that I'll be buying more (and in larger quantities since it can be kept well in the freezer for years).", "It's yeast. Not sure what else one can say. I do keep it in the fridge in an airtight container, and take out what I need and let it come to room temp. Works great."]