Just what we expect them to be. We have a door chimethat uses three of these at a time, and they last several months (like 8 to 10 months)before needing to be replaced, so that seems reasonable.', "Got mine from Photoland NY and they're just fine.If you're planning on using these in a vintage film camera, you might be better off with SR44 type silver oxide batteries, as they maintain more of a constant voltage over their lifespan. Especially if your camera does not have a regulation circuit.", 'ONE STAR:The Maxell LR44 10-pack photo shows the new hologram packaging, but I received the old orange & black packaging.The batteries are stale. Lights powered by them are semi-bright, and only last a day or so.The orange & black pack rates 1-star.FIVE STARS:From the same supplier, MyBatterySupplier, I ordered the50-pack, which did come in the new hologram package, and the difference was dramatic.  Lights powered by the batteries were brilliant, and I expect them to last much longer.The new hologram pack rates 5-stars.', 'No issues, these batteries work great.  I find that a lot of kids electrinics use these batteries.  The 10 pack was cheaper than buying one 1 from the store.', "My cat loves chasing a red laser light - but the batteries had become weak.  I checked the price of a new one, but found that I can change the batteries out - and  have seven left over (all for $2.00) - I'd call that a bargain!", 'This is exactly what I needed for my clock.  Between price and the product, it is excellent and does the job.', "I mean...that's it. They're button batteries, this is a good price, they are a decent brand and they work. Yay.", "This is a great price for batteries, you could pay a couple of bucks a retail store for only 1 or 2 when you can get 10 on Amazon!  These little LR44's are found in so many of my children's toys, the Thomas the Tank Engine cars that talk, Tinkerbell that glows, Christmas ornaments, even some little cheap twirling lights bought at the dollar store.  I have ordered these twice now, because something new dies and I find that it needs the same kind of battery.  It's definitely more economical to buy in this quantity than buying a couple at a time!  They also work well and last, too.  Stock up HERE!!", 'This is a handy, inexpensive source to replace LR44 batteries which are used in my calculators and other items around the house.', 'Bought from Photoland NY, all batteries were fresh-- measured with DMM, all checked out at either 1.59V or 1.6V, no duds. Paid a little more from this seller but I got what I paid for and definitely way cheaper than purchasing locally.', "Nothing to say about it.  They are just batteries, but they are as they look like.  I'm satisfied with them.", 'so cheap and durable, shipped really fast to me and i have enough to do all my watches and a friends too', "I use quite a few of these. These arrived quickly at a good price. I'll be back for more when these are gone.", 'I got these for my Girlfriend Christmas Ornaments and now we are all happy now that they can play like last year.', 'This was a great purchase at a nice price. If I knew how good they were I probably would have bought more at the time.', 'These are nice to have so I give them a 4 out of 5. I still have them in a drawer too.', "I've been using these for years for my Xbox 360 controllers and various other household items that require AA. These lose their recharge ability after a year or two. Their life becomes a lot shorter after you discharge and recharge them so many times. Overall, they've been more than worth the money I've put into them as I would've spent a LOT more in non-rechargeable AA and AAA's over the same period of time. These are here to stay for me.", 'Right out of the box and ready to go !Everything here is a 5 star from the packaging to the product.Charged fully --even though I did not  use them immediately.Fits great ..packaged great --opens easy all good on these.', 'I used rechargable batteries in flashlights, mouses, keyboards, clocks and my battery operated toothbrush. They recharge many times which more than justify the cost.  I will continue to use this product in the future, also.', "I have mixed feelings about these batteries.  They take a good charge and hold it better than my Duracell rechargebles, but still lose about 10% overnight.  I use them to power a one-LED night light outdoors.  It keeps it bright for at least three nights if I remember to turn it off during the day.  One of the four batteries is a little loosey-goosey.  Sometimes it only charges about 75%, though another recharge cycle will restore it to full again.  Considering other reviewers' comments about funky batteries, maybe they should tighten their quality control.", 'These are batteries. If you have ever seen batteries before then you know what Im talking about. Dont be surprised when you open this package and you see batteries. Thats exactly what they are.Works perfect in my two different battery chargers, and Energizer always keeps a long life!', 'Great Value, I got the 4AA batteries and an Energizer AA and AAA charger... The Charger is portable and easy to read with a big red light telling me not ready and a big glowing green light when all batteries are charged, can charge both AA and AAA at the same time...', "Nice and affordable.  You can't go wrong with these batteries.  For me, there is nothing else to say here.  Great buy.", 'A great price for a multi-pack of rechargable batteries.  They work very well.  I bought these to have on hand because they work so much better than the throw away kind', "I love these rechargeable batteries. They save a lot of money over the throw away batteries. They keep their charge for a long time, eve if you don't charge them and use them immediately.", 'this product is exactly what i wanted rechargeable batteries plain and simple.  they last a descent amount of time and the re charge is a reasonably. id buy again.', "I used NiCD batteries for a time years ago and gave up on those. When I tried the NiMH batteries I started with these ones and was very disappointed with the technology, we used it in a mouse that required about twice a week changes, later I changed to Sanyo's eneloop and I'm very happy.", 'The batteries I received were knock offs.I am not sure if all of the sellers who sell these batteries are selling knock offs. The ones I bought were. Some of my wireless electronics did not recognize the batteries.', 'with 3 little ones we use lots of batteries.. these are cheap and shipped free to my house.. cant get any better than that', "Duracell produces top notch batteries that last longer than any others on the market.  My husband wouldn't consider buying anything else.", "I've had nothing but good luck with Duracell batteries.  The radio I installed these in is going strong, several months later.", 'I had flashlights that needed batteries. Now I am prepared for emergencies and everyday use to look at my outdoor thermostat.', 'Typical great quality C batteries you would expect from Duracell. I would obviously buy these again if i needed them !', 'For me, I use the Duracell Coppertop 9-V Alkaline Batteries for two purposes:1) In a older portable FM/AM radio that accepts a 9 volt battery.2) My three smoke alarms.Before I discovered the Duracell 9 volt batteries, I used a store brand (generic) and sometimes other name brands. All of the generic or cheaper brands did not last long.1) Older Generic - In my smoke alarms - they ran out of juice in just 6 months as I discovered when the smoke alarm beeped in the middle of the night.2) Radio - The generic and cheap brand lasted about one year, but no more.BELOW IS WHAT IS HAVE RECEIVED WHEN I USE THE DURACELL 9 VOLT:1) Smoke Alarms - So now I get at least two to three years!2) Radio - I still have the Duracell battery in my radio and it is still strong. I placed it into the radio in 2008 so it has been in there for FIVE YEARS. Note, this radio I play when the power is off and bring for emergencies etc.Highly recommend these Duracell Batteries.', "won't put any other batteries in my flameless candles an I have about 30!!  great lasting power.  go get some.", 'These batteries were life savers for all the lights and products used during the Christmas season.  They also lasted throughout the entire season.  Excellent buy', "You want a battery that is going to last, then you can't go wrong with this one. I bought the 8 count because my garbage can needs 4 and the shelf life of these batteries is so good that I have no doubt it will provide me with the many months of use. Since I have the first 4 still being used, going on 7 months now, I am going to guess at least 1 year before I will need to replace so yes, a good purchase price for this 8 pack.", "Of all the batteries I use, I really dislike D size. They're heavy, and I understand that they have to be. So the question was, do I want to spend a small fortune on rechargeable D's or get the tried an true Duracell D. You know the answer. I use these in one huge flashlight and in two motion sensor lights on our house. I can't tell you that these are better than the bunny batteries, but from my experience, these just keep going, and going, and going. Since the motion sensors are used on a nightly basis (the sensors have picked up raccoons, skunks, and opossums which we didn't even know we had in suburbia), I think it's amazing that we haven't had to replace the batteries yet, and the light is still as strong as ever.", 'The Lantern I ordered takes 8 batteries so having this 10-count is great with 2 extra for flash light. I would recommend', "I've used Duracell batteries for years, and they've always been reliable. I would like to mention two things that stood out with the most recent D-cell Duracells (8-count package) that I bought in the 8-pack:* The expiration date is December 2023, more than ten years after I purchased them.* The packaging is some of the best that I've seen for batteries, and if you don't need all eight of them now, the packaging also serves as a nice, resealable container. Also, it was extremely easy to open, needing only a small pair of scissors to cut where indicated.I also recently purchased an 8-count package of Duracell C-cells. The same comments apply, except that the packaging is different (cardboard instead of plastic) than the packaging the D-cells came in, and the expiration date is only nine years out.Call me a very satisfied customer.", 'Batteries...they work, they last as expected, no worries, no high praise, good product, safe buy...looked specifically for "coppertop" not disappointed bought for pool vacuum . Thanks', 'These were described as guaranteed for 5 years, but have an expiration date that is only 3 years (Mar 2016).  Since I am using them for battery back-up in clocks this is a real bummer.  Not what I expect from Amazon.  Will probably live with it rather than mess with a return.', 'Duracell is always my first choice. They always seem to have a great non use time to them. I only use Duracell and have never regretted it since my hot wheels days', "Some mornings I have a rough time getting out of bed.  I keep one of these on my night stand and give it a quick lick to jump-start my day.  Even after a few weeks, it still packs a punch and gets me going!Not really... but I'm sure it would.  It's a battery.  It powers things like a battery should.  What more do you want from it?", 'As always, Duracell makes great batteries that always do a great job.  I highly recommend Duracell batteries in any size.', 'Needed to purchase these to power a portable fan. Came well packaged with no damage (from Amazon proper) and the expiration date was years in advance.  Batteries performed as expected, pricing a bit more than 3 hours of continuous power to a portable fan set on &#8220;high&#8221;......  Basically, these are very expensive to use and other types of batteries (re: rechargeable) would be a better purchase although there are just times when only a &#8220;D&#8221; Cell will do.As long as there is no visible damage and your exp. date is ok, these Duracell Alkaline Coppertops should perform well. I have never had any trouble with them over the years.', 'We use Duracell batteries size &#34;C&#34;  in our LED window candle lights and we get about 105 days of use out of them. We tried Energizers, but we only got about 90-92 days use out of them. Get these on subscribe & save and you will rarely be out of batteries.', 'It is good to be able to purchase batteries at a reasonable price.  They were shipped in a cardboard box (not the packaging shown in the picture) which was quite easy to open.  I would buy from this vendor again.', "I just love to buy batteries with the subscribe and save.  You can't beat the price; then, you have them for what you need plus a few extra.", 'There is a reviewer who specializes in reviewing batteries and does a very, very thorough, erudite and insightful job of it.  So it is with utmost temerity and respect that I tread these waters.  I am the last person on earth to demean batteries. I mean, where would we be without them?  No flashlights, no little handfans. No smoke detectors. Can you imagine a world where you had to get off the couch to change the TV channel? I remember those days and it was hell.  No, we need batteries. Without batteries, our favorite gizmos would be useless...but how do you tell them apart?The Duracells certainly look authoritative and batterylike. They dropped right into the battery-compartment of the battery-operated lantern without a fight, making a rather satisfying thudding sound as they hit bottom.  I am happy to report that they did not explode, burst info flame or display any other bad battery behavior.  I remember in the old days, batteries would sometimes Go Rogue on you. You\'d open up the flashlight and all sorts of bubbly gray gook would be erupting from them and it was pretty disgusting. I have never seen a Duracell do this, but to be fair, I have seen no other battery do it either, not for many, many years. Obviously we have come a long, long way in terms of Battery technology.The D, by the way was plainly marked, so there could be no mistake...although the size is a dead give away. In the box with your other batteries, they are like Orson Welles in a room full of Don Knotts. So were the little Plus and Minus signs, so you would know which end went in first.  Although they could have been a little bigger, now that I think of it.  A lot bigger.  But none of the other batteries offer this large print, so I won\'t take away any stars.Dura-Cell implies "Durable" so I expected a tough battery -- but really, how tough does it have to be? I\'m not kicking it across the road before it goes into the flashlight, am I?  So duration is really the only thing to measure, beyond the other factors previously mentioned.  Now I know some batteries claim to last longer, the energizer bunny and all that, but I always forget to time them and sometimes you use a flashlight or a gizmo more and sometimes you use it less, so it\'s hard to judge.  I\'m assuming if one really did outperform all the others, it would be common knowledge, but it\'s not, so I just have to go by what I can in terms of rating.  On the other hand, I did buy a four pack of batteries for a buck at the 99 Cent Store.  I think they were call Emmagizers, so naturally I was fooled.  They were not a good choice and I would warn anyone planning to stock up on batteries with names similar to name brands to think twice, particularly if they are intended for your Pacemaker.  So, five stars for a battery that fits into the battery compartment, sports a very manly and handsome combination of bronze and black colors, and so far has given me all that I dare hope for from a battery.One question: Wouldn\'t it just be easier to have one size battery because invariably, when you have a bunch of As in the junk drawer, the flashlight that burns out requires Cs, and when you buy C cells, the next Gizmo needs Ds.  And it doesn\'t matter anyway because when you get to the store, you never remember which size it was you needed and buy the wrong size.  And those little guys, the AAs? What\'s the story with them?  How many penlights are we carrying around already.  And don\'t get me started on those square guys. And while we\'re at it, how come there are no B cell batteries? One more thing...those big gigantic flashlights that need the big BIG square battery...the battery alone always costs more than when you buy the flashlight with the battery. SOmething fish going on there if you ask me.This whole battery thing is starting to look suspicious...like it\'s all being rigged by some international battery cartel. I could explore this possibility more but the cat is now fighting me for control of the keyboard and the only wise thing to do is to log off.  Good night.', 'What can i say they are Duracell and they work. I bought a deal from Amazon that was for outdoor lights that are battery powered and these fit the bill perfectly', 'i have discovered that buying batteries on amazon is a lot more economical than going in-store. i will forever buy batteries online since these were exactly as described.', 'The price is great and the batteries last a long time.  We are very happy with this product.  It is a good buy.', 'I got these to replace fire alarm batteries. I tested them and they had a full charge and worked just fine. I did end up replacing the alarms (fire alarms do expire) so I pulled these for the future.', "I bought these to go along with my Coleman Quad Lantern. They're batteries, they do what they need to, and have lasted ages in the lantern.", 'If you can wait a couple days for your batteries, buy them here! They are a lot cheaper on amazon and the more you buy the cheaper the price. These are true D size Duracell batteries, not your generic style. Great buy! Also if you have amazon prime they shop for free and you save gas money/time.', 'The product date shows the eight batteries are good, however; they came in zip lock bags and not from Duracell.  I purchased them for the smoke detectors and we will see if they go off in a couple weeks.  My concern is you cannot tell if they are used since they are out of Duracell package.', "It's a little early to prepare for hunting season but it's never to early to be prepared! I will only use Duracell Coppertops in everything I own, just so happens these are going into 2 Mag Lite Flashlights, Duracell Coppertops have never let me down!", "Now I don't know what to say other than yes they were batteries and they were charged when I got them.", 'they arrived in different packages but the batteries are still the same. the best batteries on the market. good price too!', "The price is good, they work.  I've never had a Duracell not do its duty in all the decades I've been using them.  Many even run for years, well past the &#34;guaranteed to hold the charge by&#34; date.", "I used these as soon as they arrived and they seem to be working fine and not just some old battery's they are trying to get rid of.", 'What can I say about the batteries but the are batteries and work just fine and last a long time. You can not go wrong with Duracell.', 'We always use duracell batteries and buying fromAmazon is a good way to keep a supply on hand.We have used duracell batteries for years.', "I was skeptical to purchase these batteries since they were priced remarkably lower than those at the store, but I must say that they don't seem any different to me. I thought maybe they were getting ready to expire or something, but they are still good for several years and have lasted quite awhile so far. Very pleased!", "What can you say about a battery? They work and were sent as new. I really don't know the life of batteries, but this brand always seems to last longer.", "Bought a 4-pack, used 3, the 4th sits waiting to be noticed some 2 years later. No idea if it's still usable, but I doubt there's much of a charge left in there.", 'These came factory sealed and were brand new. They are going strong just as I expect them to. I have never had a problem with Duracell batteries lastly well longer than actually needed. Great product.', 'In typical Duracell fashion, these are great batteries. They last long once in a product, do not tend to leak and have a great shelf life according to the expiration date stamped on each battery.', "I didn't order these because so many things seemed fishy about their presentation on Amazon. The Duracell photos were all different--none of them D batteries in a package of eight. On the product description page, it looked like AA batteries were shown in the image. When I read reviews, many buyers received their batteries unpackaged, just thrown in a box. Others received them in individual bags. A few years ago, I discovered that rip-off batteries are commonly sold on the internet--not the brands they say they are, but fakes.SOOO...no thanks. I'll go with Ray-O-Vac this time.", 'I was out of these c batteries so I thought I would look around and check the price and how long it takes to get them. Amazon is very fast.', 'Duracell batteries are Duracell batteries I assume. It was time to replace the smoke detector batteries and this was a great deal.', "I buy 2 packs of these EVERY MONTH for work. We use them for a digital scale built into our forklifts. This is in use 8 hours a day, 5 days a week... standard 40 hours. I get them with Subscribe & Save. I don't think you can possibly get similar quality for the price, and rechargeable D Batteries!? Yea right!! With the risk of damaging the batteries here, I don't think so. Not for that price. Duracell is the way to go!", 'These batteries are the longest lasting. I use them for my timer candles. Love ordering and having them in here in 2 days, instead of running out to buy them.', "I have tried several brands of batteries. Duracells seem to last a lot longer than Energizer and Rayovac. I have never had any leaking problems. The bulk 9V packs are nice to keep the price down and the Subscribe & Save program makes them even cheaper, especially when you have 8 Smoke Detectors to replace all at once.  I have had my most recent set of Duracells in my smoke detectors for well over a year now.  Yeah, I need to change them out just to be safe.  Unfortunately, the price has gone up on Amazon for Duracell batteries in the last year or so which is making them much less competitive. You really aren't getting much of a deal over local stores these days. I have been converting over to Eneloop Rechargeables this year for AA and AAA batteries to minimize cost and waste, but there are no rechargeable 9V batteries yet.  Due to this price increase, I purchased a set of Rayovac Pro 9 Volts to see how they perform.  I'm not sure if I am going to trust them in the Smoke Detectors yet or just fan remotes and other electronics.  Long story short, Duracells are still my battery of choice.", "looked for cheap batteries and that's what i got. seemed kinda shady but the batteries worked fine! don't be fooled by the picture they're legit!", 'I use these for garage door openers -- have found that even though Duracell is more expensive, they last way the heck longer than the Rayovacs you can get 1/2 price at  Shop-Rite.A bit cheaper on Amazon relative to in-store purchase.', 'Amazon continues to have all the producs I have wanted or needed for everything I could think of. The battgeries speak for themselves as Copper Top batteries. They are guarenteed for 10 years when you get them. Easy to order, receive, and all from one place,&#34;Amazon&#34;, and the price was perfect. Always look to Amazon for your needs.', 'This was a good price and very convenient.  I expect these will work as well as the batteries we buy at the grocery store.', 'These were just what I needed to restock my supply of batteries. They are dependable and the price was right.', 'I dont know if Duralock works or not but its good batteries and what you would expect from one have the top battery manufactures.', 'what can you say about batteries... they work ... got them ... they are good... I am happy with my purchase', 'This item arrived when promised, was well packaged and therefore undamaged. The price is reasonable, and the fit is perfect in my devices. So far it has my flashlights working as they should.  I Recommend this product.', 'Purchased for use in the two smoke alarms.  The perform as expected.  The alarms never fail to go off during my brain failures while cooking.', 'I bought these to use in a blow up matterss.  great price for a size that is hard to find.  Especially hard to find in a large pack.  Duracell is a very reliable brand.', "Does it's job at a cheap price. I like having 4 batteries on hand instead of 1 when those smoke alarms start beeping when the battery dies.", "Whats to say about batteries? I havn't used them long enough to wear them down even if they were defective. I always use Duracell in this type of product. The 8 pk is real nice to have; I don't expect to ever have to buy a D cell again.", "I'm an electrical engineer. The amount of power available from an alkaline battery is almost directly proportional to its size. You don't see many D size batteries used these days (they are fairly large and heavy) but they certainly hold a lot more power than the equivalent AA or AAA batteries.These batteries can be a bit hard to find locally and I was thankful to find them on Amazon at a very fair price.The batteries were fresh and the printed expiration date was over ten years away.Recommended", 'The Duracell brand seems to be one of the better batteries out there, good life, and reliable.  Pricing was good as well, same as stores even with delivery.', 'They are batteries. They are Duracell. There are 8 and they are D size.  What more is there to say?', 'Always good to have extra 9v on hand when the time changes. Cheapest insurance in the world versus your house burning down.', 'After my fire alarm went of for a week, I decided to get some batties to replace the old ones.  These are great batteries for my alarm and came in 2 days.', 'Buying this battery just saved me a trip to local stores. However its price is not far off from local.So if you just want to put in Add-on or being lazy, go for this, otherwise buying locally is not a bad choice.', "These were a good price and are still going in some per lit LED floral arrangements I haven't turned since Christmas.", 'What can I say. They power my lantern.  I have been a fan of Duracell batteries for quite a while, never had one leak and destroy my electronic devices or flashlights.  I just a fan of Duracell.', "The product was perfect and as advertised. There's not much to say about batteries, but, I ordered several sizes bulk and got a good deal on the price, especially considering the weight of a lot of batteries to ship.", 'Duracell batteries may cost double what Energizer batteries cost but from my experience they are much more reliable, last longer and are well made. I only buy Duracell now and find them much better. I just put four of these batteries in my new radio and am very happy with them.~The Rebecca Review', "Got these Duracell D batteries at a good price.  Hard to review something like this disposable item but I've always been a Duracell user and find Duracells to be a good value.  If you find these at a good price, buy it!Please click YES if my review have been helpful to you, it will encourage me to continue writing and updating my reviews, and leave a comment if you have any questions, I will be more than happy to answer if I can be of help.", "Duracell Coppertop Duralock D batteries are premium quality batteries, as reflected in their price.  They seem to last longer than every other kind of battery I have purchased.  Although I haven't actually done any laboratory testing, they have been in a particular flashlight I have and have been in there working for about 10 years.  In a crisis or long duration power failure event, these are my first choice for survival.If you are looking for the best battery on the market, I think these are it.", 'I had purchased over 50 of these for lighting lanterns for a function. They all performed very well and had no issues. Highly recommend!', "I must say that this brand of batteries last a very long time. I don't usually have to buy C batteries, unless they are for my son's toys. I would recommend this product.", 'I have been playing the Guitar for over 40 years, 24 of those years Professionally. I have a large number of Electric Guitars with EMG Active Pickups, Duracell has never let me down!', 'they work well in my sons bouncy seat by far the most used item in our house that we forget to turn off and these are good batteries that last my pack has lasted over 6 months and still have a few', 'arrived promptly. Duracell seems to hold a charge longer than other battery brands, and these C batteries were no different.', "I bought these batteries to power some motion-sensor lights I was purchasing from Amazon.  Because I got them at the same time, shipping was free, so you can't beat that.  And what can anyone say about Duracell, except that they are long-lasting, quality-built batteries?", "Had Chinese symbols on the bottom and Euro warning on the side.  Can't find any in the USA with these markings.  Avoid-you're not really saving any money-you're just throwing away what you pay.  Would you trust your family to these in your smoke detector-I wouldn't!!!", 'These are duracell C batteries in an eight count package.  Delivered right to my door.  They are the regular batteries the same you can get from the store I assume.  I have had no issues with them at all.  Would purchase again when needed.', "The literature advertises 5 hours 15 minutes of battery life from 2 AA alkalines, but I get around 7 hours.The candle mode is handy, but it's a tad fussy to reconfigure the flashlight back and forth between normal and candle mode and back.", 'I bought this for my husband and he loves it! It is light and great for him to use quick at work or hand free if need be!  The light is bright and a great buy!', "This is the standard mini-MagLite flashlight - which I already own one or two.  Since I take one these in my shaving kit, when I travel, I thought I would supplement my supply - especially since as I've gotten older, the need for more light (nearly all the time) has become more important.  This flashlight works and looks great.", 'Could possibly be a little brighter, but Maglite is a very trusted brand in my household. This thing works just as well if not better than those cheap 7-LED flashlights you see near the Wal-Mart register. Candle mode on this thing is also pretty handy. Just watch out for bulb heat.', "This was the second one I bought. The first was in red (for me) and this was for my husband. It's great for small jobs when he needs light on a small area.", "I've used the convential sized Maglights, which last a lifetime, but i wanted a smaller version, and found it in this item...it works superbly, throws out a powerful beam of light, and is small enough to carry in your pocket.....love it.", 'Exactly what i wanted. Hey its a Maglite you know it is a quailty flashlight. The holster is adaquate and looks like it will hold together a long while. Fits right inwith my SHTF bag.', 'I was looking for this Maglite. But the other ones I saw was priced higher than this one. And this one even came with accessories. The price is really nice to fine. I ended up buying two of them.', "I own a bunch of these and they are great little lights. 2 AA batteries last a long time- I dont use mine everyday so it's hard to say how long batteries last. But using my several times a week, they can last 5-6 weeks. sometime longer.", 'Bought this for myself which I think is a reliable brand. It is the compact size that I wanted for my purpose.', 'This is the traditional incandescent Mini Maglite that has been used and loved for several decades now. While it is not expensive ($11, 14 lumens), the old incandescent light bulb technology lacks in many aspects when compared to the new LED technology. If you still like the Maglite design, they offer three Mini Maglite LED technologies; the Mini Maglite LED ($16, 77 lumens), Mini Maglite LED Pro ($20, 226 lumens), and the Mini Maglite LED Pro Plus ($24, 245 lumens bright mode).I found a Mini Maglite once tossed on the side of a rural road at a sharp turn. One can only imagine how it got there. Regardless, the body had some deep scores and dents in it, as if it rolled quite far and maybe even got run over a time or two. I was definitely surprised when I turned the head (it still turned smoothly and easily) and the light turned on, dim and yellow, of course, but steady. I took it home and added it to one of my emergency kits. Unfortunately, I placed bad batteries in it, which swelled up and corroded, causing problems with the springs inside. It was not too much of a loss as it was obtained for free, but the Maglite itself was great while it lasted.I plan on getting the Pro Plus as my primary EDC flashlight as it is made in the USA, to replace my cheap Ultrafire AA flashlight which has been showing random switch issues. While still quite outdated (Maglite is just catching up with the Mag-tac line), the price for the Pro Plus is about one half to one third of the price one would pay for a full-feature tactical light from 4Sevens, Fenix, or Zebralight, which despite their steep prices are all made in China.However, if you have a sentimental attachment to the dim yellow beam of a USA-made Maglite, buy it. Otherwise, get one of the LED models.', "This flashlight looks and feels great but it runs down batteries immediately.  Now my rarely used Maglite can't be opened to replace the battery - I suspect the battery leaked and glued the compartment shut.  In any event, it's dead after a very short life.  Don't buy", "It has a &#34;torch&#34; feature where you can take the top off and set it up for hands free like a candle and it is small enough for my  purse which I like because you never know when you need a flashlight and you don't want to use up your cell phone batteries", 'Grey is my favorite color. When purchasing mini-Mags for the company, I noticed the grey variety and... glee! It has a nice, dull shine to it, and it works like a Mag. Score! Plus, a holster!', "Product arrived on time with all parts as advertised.Included belt loop holster is open ended, however itis easy enough to sew on a cover or button snap strap,add velcro, one column molle, whatever.Body has weave surface grip and tail cap lanyard hole.Popped in the included AA batteries and lit her up.Focus function  A-OKCandle mode  A-OKDrop test 3x at 3 meters  A-OKUnder water 15 minutes  A-OKOne handed operation  A-OK (if you're strong enough)Typical Maglite product.Inexpensive ($10 or so, duh) American made flashlightas opposed to some Chi-Com piece of shit.I like it and so will you.", "Works exactly like it should. This is our all-around pocket-sized flashlight. It's bright enough to candle eggs with or see pretty far on a dark night. It's also really durable. As a klutz, I can tell you it withstands being dropped on a pretty regular basis.", "I think this is much better than regular little flashlights.  Good light, adjustable beam!  Just don't let little kids play with it.  My son broke my first one.", "mini lite was just the right size for me to use when I am fixing or repairing something and need a different size of light rays to see something tiny or in detail.  The size of the barrel of the flashlight is great for my hands when I need both of them to use and can just use my fingers to grasp instead of the whole hand.  Brightness of bulb is excellent since you can adjust the rays to be full or small to see just the focus of something detail.  Light also came with an upholster to store and wear on your body so you can carry for camping use or hiking use or even for your work when needed.  It is convenient to have in a holder so you don't have to hand carry it.  Great product for the price you pay.", 'Bought this exclusively for my travel kit. A very sharp light to keep me from crashing into furniture/luggage as I make my way to the bathroom at night. Also, the battery is lasting longer than some earlier maglites I have owned. Nice!', "I purchased this for my weather station.  It has a unit that you install outside to measure outside temperature more accurately.  I am using low discharge rechargeable batteries and they can't handle the below freezing temp; they are showing almost empty after just a couple of weeks.Lithium batteries are rated to perform even in extreme conditions from -40 degree Fahrenheit up to 140 degrees Fahrenheit.  Also, you have to hold to realize how light are these batteries compared to other conventional batteries.", "I used these when I went on a month long safari. Had no chance of resupply and did not want to take too many standard batteries as I found in my experience that the high humidity, despite being in a tight container, drained most of the charge before I used them. Took two sets of these lithium AA plus other brands as backup. Didn't need them as the one set in my camera and one set in my recorder were still working good after I had returned. They endured over 100F to a 32F at night, 90% humidity, heavy rain, damn mosquitoes (ah..wait..that was my gripe) and worked very well. Did not have a problem with having to wait for them to recharge my units like other cheaper brands.", 'What can I say, look at the amp hour rating and that says it all. These are the only way to go.', "The flat discharge curve of lithiums means they will stay above the UVLO (Under-Voltage Lock Out) conditions of your electronics power supplies. Today's electronics do not just keep working until all the juice is gone. They monitor the input voltage and when it drops too low to guarantee a stable output, they shut off. Normal batteries may still have some juice left in them but nothing other than flashlights can really make use of it. Lithiums go most of the way from full health to death in a relatively flat curve so your electronics will get longer life. Maybe only 10% to 15% wasted energy left when done compared to 40%+The price is worth it.", 'Good long lasting AA batteries sold at a good price on Amazon...not always available in the stores at home or abroad; I carry a bag of these when traveling overseas to put in my little camera, head lamp, etc...they last and last....', "I put these batteries in a battery-driven can opener.  Nickel Cadmium batteries were not holding up more than a couple of weeks.  These Lithium Ion batteries have been in use for about three weeks now, and I have not noticed any loss of power.  I'd buy these batteries again.", 'Cheaper to buy batteries online. Lithium last longer. Keep in a cool place, but not in the refrigerator like alkaline batteries.', 'A very good brand and product. It holds a charge. Not like the lithium, but works just the same. Again with the minimum.', 'Lithium Cells are rapidly becoming the new gold standard for many household uses, from simple flashlights to sophisticated hybrid vehicles.  These lithium-ion batteries are now ubiquitous at the retail level and their popularity has steadily increased because of their power efficiency compared to more traditional delivery technologies far surpassing carbon-zinc, nickel-cadmium, nickel-metal hydride and alkaline.Here Is my Assessment of The Energizer AAA "Ultimate" Lithium:PROS:1. Superior in power efficiency compared to above-cited technologies.  Lithium cells hold their charge longer and become superior performers in retaining their charge.  When stored properly (in a cool, dry and dark environment), these cells self-discharge rates are substantially slower compared with previous generations of batteries.2. Unlike nickel-cadmium cells, lithium-ion batteries have no (or a very negligible) "memory" effect.3. Lithium Cells appear less likely to leak and are not as vulnerable to extreme temperatures compared with previous technologies.4. Lithium-Ion cells also perform better at lower ambient temperatures than their predecessors.5. Lithium-Ion batteries are noticeably lighter than previous types of cells making it an additional plus in heavier types of equipment such as larger flashlights, power equipment, etc.6. Energizer cells have expiration dates considerably longer because they discharge much more slowly compared to previous generations of batteries.7. Lithium cells are more environmentally-compliant and friendly compared to previous generations, particularly those cells which contain toxic, heavy metals such as cadmium and mercury.CONS:1. My rating on these cells is 4.5 stars due to the perceived steep price points of the Energizer brand that most folks believe.  However, if you do the math, as another astute reviewer has, you will find that lithium cells are actually a more cost-effective choice when compared to an equivalent-sized alkaline battery.  Nevertheless, you are still likely to pay more for a name brand such as Energizer, in order for the company to recoup their research and development costs.2. Lithium cells may be a safety hazard, particularly when exposed to high temperatures for sustained periods of time.  For this reason, the federal government has imposed transport restrictions on lithium batteries.  Although these restrictions have recently been relaxed, lithium cells can and do explode because they contain a pressurized, flammable electrolyte. For this reason, it is advisable to store these cells in a temperature-stable environment.3. Energizer currently has several different "versions" of their "Ultimate" Lithium batteries on the retail market.  Some packages state "up to 4x longer" while newer versions announce on the front of the blister card up to 8x or 9x longer in selected devices.  Be careful to select the latest available expiration date card(s) to avoid purchasing an earlier version of the product. Each cell also has a production/ lot code embossed on it; however, they are not at present, user-identifiable without assistance from Energizer.BOTTOM LINE:1. These are excellent batteries when used properly and in the correct equipment.  In consideration of the longer storage and discharge interval, my recommendation would be to use lithium cells for those appliances and equipment requiring longer replacement intervals such as fire, smoke and CO2 detectors; water sensors, outdoor sensors, digital cameras and remote controls to name just a few.2. Avoid storing these cells in extreme temperatures-cool, dark and dry is recommended for maximum shelf life and safety. Avoid storing lithium cells in the refrigerator or freezer.3. Energizer lithiums are, in my opinion, no better than those manufactured by other reputable companies.  As such, price shop.  If store (generic) lithiums are available, shop with your wallet.  This is an excellent technology but you need to use and store them wisely.', 'Installed on a detector where the ceiling is 15 Ft. Hope they last as long as they say they would.', 'I purchased these as open box for $14.95 with free Prime 2-day shipping.  I received two unopened packages of five each NEW Lithium AA batteries.  They all test as new.Careful Amazon shoppers: keep their eyes open for deals like this.', "These batteries hold up well to high demand electronics like my digital camera.  I won't use the rechargeable batteries any longer.", "These work very well.  They aren't as green as rechargeable, but these do last longer than regular batteries.  Highly recommended.", "I have always used alkaline batteries. I'm lucky if the alkaline batteries last 20 minutes. Now, I can use my camera for longer periods of time. I take digital photographs and shoot videos. I am very happy with this purchase.", 'They DO keep going and going and going.  These have more power and yet are lighter in weight than your typical battery, AND they hold their charge for 10 years.', "We have sensors for temperature and humidity in our attic.  We found that regular batteries do not work well in the cold of Maine winters. Buy these Lithium batteries has made a huge difference. The extra cost is absorbed by their longevity.Here's my TIP on those attic sensors or transmitters: TIP: I did find it best to purchase and use &#34;Energizer Ultimate Lithium&#34; AA cells. Not only do these last longer but are not really affected by the hot or freezing temperatures found in attics (and you don't need to climb up there to replace batteries every couple of months).", 'I got tired of having batteries fade out on me when I needed them the most.  Also frustrating is constantly having to keep a supply and having to change them often.  These lithium batteries last longer than any others and I use them wherever they can work.', 'these are really the ultimate disposable battery. at 10 times the capacity of a lead acid and nearly half the weight there is no reason to not replace all your nicad and lead acid batteries with these. I put a set in my headlamps and they usually last me a year or more. Much nicer then changing them nearly monthly', 'I read reviews, found the best type of battery, then found the best price on line at Amazon.com.  I love when every thing comes to the front door.', 'If you need AA batteries and can afford them (they are pricey) these are the ones to get.  They last a very long time and have excellent shelf life.  I mostly use them in a portable testing device that I occasionally forget to turn off, and they still just keep going, and going, and going.', 'Again these lasted as long as they were advertised to, the set lasted several months.  I wish I had bought more so I could stock up.', "These aa batteries are worth the price because these have such a better life span over alkiline batteries.I don't have to replace the batteries as often and are probably as cheap in price as twice as many of the comparable alkiline batteries.I do highly recommend these batteries.", "We were skeptical about the charge life of these batteries. Well, they really do last considerably longer than a regular &#34;Alkaline&#34; battery. Haven't tested the shelf life yet, but there is no reason to believe that it isn't longer too.", 'I bought these for my thermostat which uses these batteries.  I wanted long life batteries  since when replacing batteries on my thermostat erases the temperature programming, which is a laborious process.  These are the very best you can buy.  A good buy.  Item arrived at least one month late, but in good condition', 'Best battery you can get for all those battery eating devices  -- remote controls. wireless mice and keyboards, LED desk lamps and flashlights.', 'Use AA and AAA lithium batteries in everything around the house.  They last so much longer than regular alkaline.  Alkaline lose power just sitting, while lithium not so much.  Like this brand.', 'The main thing that I like about these batteries is they function at peak power until they run out of power.  There is no slowing down before they run out of power.  I have not noticed them functioning at 9X longer lasting.', 'OK they are expensive batteries.  I purchased them for a digital camera.  They provide power for an extraordinary number of photos.I used two of them in my remote mouse.  It was overkill but the mouse is still going big time.The batteries were sold and shipped by Technulty..  They substituted 2 4 packs for the 8 pack.  No problem with that.  They arrived promptly.', 'These batteries are light-weight and work well.  This is the easiest way to buy them.  Good price and no shopping around.', "Put in wireless mouse in mid july.They died today.The last batteries came with mouse made by china batteries too I put in before x-mas.So cheap lasts 7 months.Real expenisive 2 1/2 months ? Guess which one I'm buying now ?", "Reviews say these batteries do last longer, and they are worth the higher price.  I did a lot of videos before I drained the batteries.  I didn't keep track, but I believe they did last a lot longer, and this is what I will use in my camera, hence forth and forever after.", 'I am sold on Lithium batterys. For the money they are the best value for your buck. Sure they are a little more expensive but in the long run they last so much longer.', 'What can you say about batteries? They work as expected and the packaging was a bit easier to open, although improvements could still be done to make it easier to get out the first battery without destroying the package.', 'Bought these for some trail cameras taking videos, with sound, field scan etc.  Are holding up well (better than new Alkaline)  and the price was great. They also have a listed Shelf Life of 15 years, and are supposed to last 9 times longer than Alkaline batteries with high drain applications. I recommend the product and the seller Brooklyn Battery Works.  Purchased some more of these from Mel Pierce Camera (an actual store but on Amazon too)  at a cheaper price and they were delivered fast. Reason I mentioned the sellers is due to what appears to be some scammers selling them . Both these sellers are fine, fast, priced fair, new in the package.', 'Started using these for my camera and still use them for my external flash. Now I use them for all my AA needs as they do not leak ever but last a LONG time. I wish I could install a few in me.', "I don't know about 9 times longer that but these are the only batteries that will power my digital Kodak camera. As soon as they start to get even a little weak, they won't work in my camera but I can still use them in other gizmos. That's a plus.", "I use these batteries in my digital camera. If you aren't going to use batteries that you can rechange, these are your best bet. You'll still go through a couple of sets during a full day of shooting, but nothing like if you're using normal Energizer.", "I didn't notice 9 times longer useage but then again I wasn't measuring real close.  I didn't think it was worth the extra money but, that shouldn't be the definitive answer for anyone! :-)", "They are used in an Acurite weather station that we purchased.  The weather station has an outdoor sender that it mounted on our patio.  During the coldest parts of the year, the temperature on the patio can be in the teens.  Acurite, in the manual that comes with the weather station, recommends that lithium batteries be used in the outdoor sensor.As recommended by Acurite, we used the lithium batteries in the outdoor sensor.  We purchased these batteries about a year ago.  So far, the batteries have performed flawlessly.  We haven't yet had to replace the batteries in the sensor so I can't comment on their life, except to say that it's at least a year, at least for our type of use.", "I only use 2 brands of batteries Ultimate Lithium in my life/critical devices and duracell ultra in everything else.  The lithiums do last longer in and also preservation.  Great price on these from amazon, can't go wrong for smoke detectors, carbon monoxide detectors, camera flashes, and battery powered weather stations.  For everything else and toys Duracell Ultra is your friend.  So as you see i like both and recommend both.", 'I was using rechargeable batteries and i was getting tired of having to switch out the rechargeable batteries and find fresh batteries or wait to recharge the battery. Anyone with a Roku gaming remote knows how they eat up batteries. So far these batteries have been great and I will be purchasing more in the future for other devices.', "These may last a little longer as advertised, but I'm going to buy the rechargeable type from now on. I use too many of this type to have to buy often.", "One of the most frustrating things about cameras with disposable batteries is how quickly they eat through them.  Energizer Ultimate Lithiums help solve this problem.  I've used a bunch of different brands in my cameras, and these last longer than any other brand I've tried.With these batteries, you get days of use in a camera rather than hours.  I won't buy another brand for my cameras.", "These batteries are the &#34;ultimate&#34; - just as the labeling on the package states.  They last much longer than normal batteries, especially in electronic items like digital cameras or remote controls.  I have a difficult time finding them around my home, so I'm glad Amazon sells them.", "It really is worth the extra dollars to get these because they do last longer and don't ruin things like:  flashlights, meters, blood pressure machines, and most other battery operated electronics.  We have never found one exploded inside a battery compartment like we do with the older type batteries.  Heat and cold doesn't seem to make them corrode.  We only wish we could find the AAA Lithium batteries again in the 8 or 10 packs :-).......", 'I needed some extra strong AA batteries to keep the quantum gate open between this world and the world I normally rule in, called Nibiru.  OK, really I needed some extra strong batteries to work in my portable dental sonic pick - and these perform very well.  The price on Amazon was very good and mine arrived in an 8-pack as described in the description, so I am a happy purchaser of this product.', 'They cost more then regular batteries but worth the price. I only use these in more important stuff and or hard or a pain to change items.', 'Great brand at a great price that always delivers superior service.  Love them for things such as remote controls, cordless mouse, cordless keyboard and such.  Very long lasting', 'excellent product, highly recommended these work very well in my old canon digital camera will most likely buy more of these', 'I go through these batteries every 6 months and these work well under very demanding use running a motor.  All tested well and arrived quickly .  Packaged as shown.  The price is very reasonable', "I have used the Lithium battery for around two years now in my camera,remotes,flashlights,etc.... I've found them to be of great quality and superior to even the legendary &#34;Copper Top&#34;. This time Amazon has as good a price as I can find locally and having Amazon Prime made the difference in my purchase ! You do not go through very many of these. Seem to hold on to their power well!", 'These batteries work great in my digital camera. They have a long shelf life and hold up many times longer than alkaline batteries.', "I was so tired of having to replace the batteries for my remotes, I decided to give these a try and I'm glad I did.", 'Not everyone needs lithium batteries. But my backyard weather station recommended lithium for extreme hot or cold climates. These batteries arrived fresh and in the original card (just like the picture). This price on Amazon is very good, and delivery is straight to my door.', "Energizer lithium batteries are money.  They cost a lot, but they're definitely worth it.  I use them in an led headlamp and it's noticeably brighter.", "How do you rate a battery that lasts 9 times longer when you have only had it for a couple of months.  They work and hopefull will continue for a number of months to come.  It's worth a try so as not to have to replace them very often.", "I've used these batteries in applications that go through a lot of batteries: a camera with a battery-draining display, and some speakers with no AC connection.  In the camera one set of batteries lasted through 656 pictures including 8 videos approximately 8 minutes in length each.  The speakers were used approximately 6 hours a day for 14 days and are still going strong.", 'I use these in a portable water pic which is essential for my current denatal situation. I travel alot to remote areas and they hold up for a long time. I recommend them.', "These batteries have a specific use: They are the navy seal or special ops of batteries. You don't want to use them in your every day juicing of low drain applications. They are for the knock down drag out applications that other batteries can only handle for minutes. Camera flashes.  Remote control cars. High drain applications where you need a battery that can go in and provide high power for a specific use.They're expensive, they're finely tuned to provide maximum output for maximum time on high drain activities. Don't waste them on remote controls, mice or smoke detectors.", 'I used to love these Energizer AA Lithium Batteries.  No more.  The life of the battery is far too short compared to the ones I have bought in the past.', "There is a huge difference in lithium compared to regular batteries.  Really useful if you store your electronics for extended periods of time because they do not leak.  I am a believer and will put lithium's in all my electronics.", 'I bought these for a digital camera which went through alkalines every 30 photos. After researching how alkalines drop to about 1.2 volts after very little use and then level out from there I learned that these lithiums maintain the 1,5 volts for a much longer period of use and consequently allow my camera to continue to work through about 120 to 150 photos. I also use these in the outside unit of my weather station because they will not fail at subzero temperatures like alkalines do. The added cost is worth it in some instances but probably not for general use.', "We purchased an indoor/outdoor thermometer.  The manual stated that it would be a good idea to use lithium batteries when the temperature outside dipped around freezing.  It is a probe outside is wireless and I will change the batteries today to lithium.  Lithium batteries have a longer lifespan than alkaline batteries and Amazon's price was fair.", "got 'em quick with no problems. yes they absolutely last longer [I use them in a lable maker]. These are great batteries but are not for every app. I do not recommend using the 9v version in a smoke detector. The lithium bateries by nature go until they are completely exausted then suddenly they are completely spent wih no warning. The alkilne batteries slowly get weaker thus letting the detector let out those annoying squeeks which tell you the detector's batteries need changing. Not to keen of a flashlite blinking out with no warning. But, the tremendious shelf life and longer runs between changes is a real plus.PS Check to see that you are getting the correct ones for your needs. They have different life spands of lasting 4,5,8 and the ultimate of 9 times longer than alkiline batts.", "I have bought several packs of these through amazon with no issues. These batteries are fantastic and I can't recommend them enough over crappy alkaleaks!", 'I use these primarily in photography equipment.  They last many times longer than standard batteries.  I have used them for a number of years and am very happy with them.  I just wish Energizer would make some that are lithium &#34;rechargeable&#34;.', 'Bought these for one of my trail cameras and they worked great. Just brought the camera in at the end of the season and the batteries still have charge left in them. They were in use for a couple months and the last few weeks have been very cold with many nights below zero. Happy with these batteries.', "I'm enjoying this brush!  The handle is easy to hold and it reaches in places that are hard to get to.", 'Feels strange to be reviewing a brush I use to scrub my tub.  Brush is a tad bit smaller than I would like, but certainly gets the job done.  Well built and I get the impression it will last for quite some time.  Overall a good choice for the price', 'Excellent for the bathtub when scrubbing the ring around the tub. Easy to grip, easy to use. I think you will like this brush. It does what you expect it to do.', 'This is good for cleaning the wheels on an automobile.  I have not use it for anything else as of yet.', 'This brush has very stiff bristles that can clean very well, but they also bend just enough to scrub away without doing damage. I use it all over my bathroom and it works like a charm', "I've never owned a scrub brush that was this size. I mean for a small hand it is PERFECT. I just cleaned the bathtub yesterday and I was able to get to hard-to-clean corners because of it's size. Bristles are strong. Handle has a good feel. This brush puts all other brushes to shame. I will NEVER buy another brand again.", 'Superb bristles, a great handle, this is a really well done product. Useful for tubs, floors, sinks, whatever. Very much recommended.', 'Use this brush for many things.  Cleaning dirty socks before laundering, clean area where dog chews bones on couch, tub cleaning.  Holds up well.  Bristles excellent strength and do not break.', 'Brushes are very sturdy and great deal! Ordering more for other uses such as carpet in the cars and tires!', "I've used this scrub on many occasions to clean grimes and scums on my bathroom tiles.  I highly prefer this OXO product over similar items you'd find in supermarket's cleaning aisle section.  The handle is comfortable and the bristles are stiff.  It has good ergonomic design and makes a tedious job bearable.  Highly recommended.", 'This brush works very well on grimy shower floors and tile.  It has very strong bristles and I think for some people it would be ergonomically sound, but for me it is a little uncomfortable to hold.  Cleans very well though!', "This scrub brush is so comfortable to hold and does a great job getting things clean fast. I've used it on the shower/tub, tile floor, carpet, sink - pretty much everywhere. I don't enjoy cleaning, so might as well make it as comfortable, easy and fast as possible.", "Sturdy, grippy, grippable even with wet hands, and not TOO big (gotta get in corners and other tight spaces, after all!) I am very pleased with another OXO product -- they've got a good design team, and generally, their products are not only fairly priced, but outperform others both in use and ergonomically!", 'OXO makes very sturdy and well built items, this is no different. A great strong brush with a great grip for deep cleaning.', "I just LOVE this brush.  Not only does it &#34;feel good&#34; to the hand, but it's design allows you to easily get into the rounded corners of the bathtub whereas a flat, rectangular shaped brush made rounded areas difficult to clean.  The non-slip rubber grip is a plus as well.  I'm really happy with this purchase.  Will buy again when I need a replacement.  Have been using it for over 10 months and it shows no signs of wear.  Very satisfied.", "My old brush got all smashed together and had this sort of bald spot in the middle and could no longer reach a spot in the bottom of my coffee cup, so I bought this one.  I wanted to like it, but it's so soft that it doesn't really scrub the spot on my coffee cup either.", "the other brushes we've tried were too hard and didn't offer enough flex to really clean. These bristles are perfect and get our bottles and sippy cups much cleaner.", "I have stopped buying cheap brushes, they don't do the job and I have to buy them often. The OXO brushes do what I ask and last a very long time. Will continue to invest in good cleaning supplies bc I will be cleaning till I die", 'Just what I expected, great product that is really nice on the hand and easy to use. This thing shourld', "We bought this brush initially to clean baby bottles, but it fast became our go to brush for cleaning anything tall & round  (water bottles, travel coffee mugs, glasses, vases).  Bristles are soft so they won't scratch or damage anything, but powerful enough to also get things clean.  We love the flexible neck too as we can clean things that are slightly curved and this brush doesn't get stuck in anything!  Love it!", "This does a great job of washing the inside of bottles. The slightly flexible neck and bristles at the top make it very effective at its job. Only thing is sometimes it's tricky getting little food particles from between the bristles when you're finished cleaning (it can look kind of gross!)", "It's a good sturdy brush, bends well, fits in what I need it for, but the bristles are only slightly rougher than a generic bottle brush. I use it clean glass bottles I fill with juice (from a juicer), and it doesn't get anything stuck on. It also stains easy. However, the grip is comfortable and it's a good length for 16oz glass bottles, and if you can find a different way to get things unstuck, it works just fine. I just wish it was rougher and a little longer wouldn't hurt. It does the job but aside from real sturdiness it's not much better than a generic brush.", 'Got this for cleaning out sport bottles and stainless thermal coffee cups.  Flexible.  The bristles are not very dense and the bristle material is very light.  This is NOT a scrub brush, and I actually have concerns about how long the lightweight nylon bristles will hold up over time, but this gets the job done.  The brush will fit into anything the width of the wand portion at the top, because the bristles are so soft, they flatten out and flow (almost like wet hair...).', 'I use this brush everyday. I use it to clean out thermos, the coffee pot, canning jars anything that needs cleaning. Wish I had purchased a second. One day I will get on here and remember to buy myself a couple of spares.', 'it is a good brush for bottles and hard to clean stuff.only downside I found is the end flattens out quickly so if you need to scrub the bottom of something hard, you will need something else after a few uses with this.', 'After trying anther more expensive bottle brush that had a weak handle that made it hard to clean with, I was very pleased to find this one does not have that problem.  It is about a foot long, with a nice rubber grip and a very strong handle and quality construction, Soft bristles that clean well.  Overall very good and a great value.', "This brush fits into bottles very easily, and does a really good job for things that are not dried on, it's not quite as effective for gunkier/dried on things, but filling the bottle with water and letting it soak first helps.", "Works well but I wish it's bristles were a touch harder and there were more of them. But it does work pretty well anyway.", "I bought this brush to clean out the back of my coffee maker as well as my soda stream bottles.  It does the trick - collapses down to get into corners and into the bottles and then fans right back out.  Certainly does the trick.  I just keep it in my dishwasher and pull it out when I'm cleaning those hard to clean items.", "I give it 4 stars because I feel like it should be a little stiffer.  It cleans the bottle and the shaft is the right length but I just don't get the scrub action I like.", 'I put tea in my metal water bottles and the residue builds up rapidly.  Just rinsing doesn&#8217;t help and I decided I&#8217;d purchase the OXO bottle brush.  With a quick whirl around the inside of the bottle, it swiped that tea residue out in a second.  I was very pleased and tried it on several other things that needed a bit of cleaning.  I simply left the brush to soak after I was done and it still looks like new.FEATURES:&#9658;  Durable neck flexes for easy reach inside bottles, pitchers and carafes&#9658;  Ideal for sauce jars, baby bottles, vases and tall glasses&#9658;  Stiffer bristles clean hard-to-reach corners&#9658;  Safe for crystal and stemware&#9658; Tackles multiple tasks with two types of bristles&#9658; Flexible neck makes getting into hard spots easy&#9658;  Rounded head is perfect fit for bottles and narrow jars&#9658;  Nonslip handle, wet or dry&#9658;  Perfect for gentle cleaning or vigorous scrubbing&#9658;  Dishwasher safeI even tried using it in the dish drainer for those hard to reach corners that always seem to have a little grimy buildup.  Worked like a charm, but it did soil the brush a bit.  I simply put a bit of bleach in some sudsy water and it immediately came clean.  Then I rinsed it well and dried it.  I was expecting a stiff brush, but instead got one that was soft, but just stiff enough to do those tricky jobs.  Really pleased with this purchase.', 'A good bottle brush is a necessity for cleaning those reusable glass bottles that I carry daily for water or juice, etc.  This is a good brush made by OXO.  The handle is comfortable and the perfect length for getting to the bottom of a large bottle or thermos.', "I love this thing for cleaning my bicycle water bottles, and it's soft enough to do wine glasses, narrow cups, etc. too. I've purchased additional brushes as gifts for my biking friends. I'm still sing the original one I bought -- seems pretty durable. The handle is long enough to reach into the larger water bottles (20 oz. I think), so that's a plus.", "Can't go wrong with oxo products and this is another good one. Handle is sturdy and the bristles are soft but clean well. I've put in dishwasher and still works well.", 'The handle on this brush is thin and very flexible.  The bristles are very soft.  I think this brush has a purpose but did not meet my expectations.  I need something a bit more sturdy.', 'It has not started falling apart like so many of these brushes do. The handle is comfortable and has a good grip to it.', 'As far as bottle brushes go, this works like a charm.  My old brush was getting too gross so it was time for a replacement.  Of course, I checked my local store and found nothing worthwhile so I logged onto Amazon and found this brush.  It\'s so nice to know you can find whatever you need online and purchase it with "one click"...lol!', 'I bought this for cups, glasses, and bottles (we have a baby).  But it works so well I use it for bowls, forks, everything.  The only issue is that the handle slides off easily and so I just took it off.', 'This high quality brush has relatively soft bristles so I an use it for relatively small bottles.  However, it will not be able to fit into beer bottles.', 'This brush does exactly what it is supposed to do. Even My husband likes it! Can there be a higher recommendation than that?', 'This is a reasonably nice brush with a good handle.  However we would like something similar with a longer handle.  Why do they stop at 12-13&#34;', 'I bought this to clean my new 64 oz clean canteen.  I make fruit and vegtable smoothies to bring to work.  I needed a better brush to clean it out.  This fits the bill perfectly.', 'Fantastic tool for washing my water bottles after leaving the gym. Easy to use and rinse. Definitely worth the purchase.', 'I love scrubbing classes and bottles and what ever you got that needs a long handle brush for some good quality scrubbing. The bristles are a little weak, they could be sturdier.', 'I have had this for a while now and it still works great. It is especially helpful for water bottles with small openings.', 'This brush works perfect to clean out my favorite glass bottles.  Does exactly what it should for a good price.', 'We use this to clean our water bottles and wine glasses and it works great!OXO products are durable, comfortable to use, and last!', 'This is a great bottle cleaner. It cleans well and works well with a varied size bottles!  Keep your bottles clean and bacteria free with this brush!', "I bought this to clean narrow mouth water bottles and coffee mugs.  Gets the job done, haven't had any problems.", 'Great for reaching inside bottles that are typically impossible to scrub, and general cleaning for any dishes you may have.', "Drinking coffee continuously every day eventually runs a mark on all thermos canisters that one may have or use. Quick to the chase, this was my issue with drinking coffee and having to clean the Thermos canister every now and then was usually a time consuming nightmare.It is quite difficult to clean these canisters usually because water splashing and detergent isn't enough on its own. Using my hands to clean dirty materials is normally always the way I go about to clean something in need of clearing out but doing so for incredibly small and hollow canisters is &#34;impossible&#34; to do with hands alone.My hands are way too big to come close to fitting inside the small canister tops and I didn't know what I could use to scrub that coffee build up found inside the canisters. Quick enough, I find this simple product on Amazon and place an order. In just 2 simple days (Amazon Prime Membership), I have the OXO Bottle brush and wow! It squeezes through the tightest hollow canisters and easily brushes up any buildup of stains or particles that may be sticking to the inside of the container.In combination with the Urnex Clearly Coffee Liquid Coffee Pot Cleaner item also on Amazon and this OXO Bottle brush, your cleaning duties for the remaining of a living and drinking coffee life are now simplified! No more struggles with getting a perfect clean canister. Drink with satisfaction and ease of mind and purchase this brush!Brush feels durable and has a nice array and structure of cleaning threads. Comes topped with a rubbish grip for the lower handle and operates with ease for any inexperienced user. I feel like with proper care, this shall last for a lifetime.", 'The most  fascinating thing about this brush the the sturd but extremely &#34;soft feel&#34; bristles.  And more surprisingly, I find my self using it for almost all dishwashing tasks -- except from anyithing calling for more than light &#34;scrubbing&#34;.', 'This bottle brush works really well. I like the handle, it provides a good grip. the bristles are soft, but firm enough to clean cups really well.', 'Much improved design over their older or other bottle cleaner.  This brush has a nice thick yet flexible handle to allow you to clean your bottles without fear of snapping off the head.', 'This is one of the brushes by my sink that I use the most.  It works very well as intended and I found even some more uses for it.  I may order a second one.', 'Great bottle brush for our household with three kids who all play sports.  So we are constantly washing water bottles that come home from games and practices.  This brush is perfect for cleaning these bottles.  (And I imagine it would work just as well for baby bottles.)  My only complaint is that the bristles compress or collapse over time, so I find I have to replace this brush about every 3 or 4 months.  I always buy the same one again, but I wish it lasted a bit longer!', "This was just what I needed. I was worried at first, because the bristles weren't very stiff, but they still did the job JUST perfectly.  I don't know why I went so long without a bottle brush!", 'I bought this to get the inside of wine glasses and other glasses clean.  I was very happy to find that they just barely fit into my champagne flutes.  good brush.', 'This brush is great for cleaning my Thermos - which often smells when I leave coffee in it for too long. However, this brush takes the smell away instantly. Plus, unlike many sponges,this brush does not ever get moldy or smelly.  I have not tried it with other types of bottles and containers but I assume it works just as well!', 'I was sitting on the fence between getting this bottle brush an the other one that had two other attachments. I went way from that one because I read that it was almost two feet long. Too long.  This brush is really good. Bristles are soft enough to bend to allow the brush to go through a smaller openings yet firm enough to get the corners. Good product.', 'I use these to clean sippy cups on a daily basis and they are a great product. They work very well and I will continue to buy these.', "This has become the best brush I've ever had to clean everything I've got in my kitchen! It cleans in all corners.", 'This is a good quality brush. This brand is a very good budget Buy. Brush cleans well and holds its shape without the bristles becoming stubs with use. Good quality at a good value. Recommend.', "Really nice product, it reaches the bottom of long bottles and easy to clean. At this price it's a steal!.", 'OXO makes the best things.  This is the right size to fit into smaller mouth bottles.  The length is perfect as well.', 'Got this for cleaning out Nalgene bottles. The brush and long handle is perfect sized for that job and will also work for many other applications where you need a long handle. The handle is slightly flexible so that is useful for getting a better angle for cleaning.', "Every morning I take a 16oz insulated thermos bottle into work with tea, coffee, yerba mate, juice, or something similar. My hands can't fit in any of my bottles. Most dishwashers aren't powerful enough to shoot water to the back of a thermos if it's in the dishwasher at and angle. This bottle brush is able to quickly, and easily clean the inside of any bottle. And for just $5, every bottle should get a decent cleaning once in awhile!Vinyl bristles are nice, don't deteriorate, hold soap well, and have just the right amount of flexibility to be stuffed into a bottle-top but just enough rigidity to get cemented-grime off bottle-walls.Hope that helps!", 'I used a baby one before but it was not long enough.  This one is long enough and firm enough to clean all of my sports bottles.', "I bought this at the same time as buying a new cookie press and planned to only really use it for that.  However, I have also been using it to clean my canning jars that don't have a wide mouth and it works great for that.  The bristles are soft and won't scratch whatever you are cleaning, and the brush head fits through very small openings for difficult to clean items.", "It didn't fit the bottle I bought it for, but then that bottle broke a couple of days after anyway.  I kept it because I have another glass water bottle and it is soft and flexible, yet strong enough to clean from protein shakes.", 'I needed something that would reach deeper than the baby bottle brushes for water bottles, mason jars, etc. Works great.', "OXO is known for well designed products and this is no exception. Son and daughter in law used extensively during grandson's first year.", "I use this every day to clean my coffee tumbler and coffee pot and it still looks brand new.  The grip is high quality and I don't think the brush will ever wear out.  Great add-on item.", 'With the OXO bottle brush I can get to the bottom of glass bottles, aluminum drinking containers or most any other object requiring a flexible brush and long handle.  Good addition to practical household cleaning products.', "It works great to wash the inside of my thermos bottle and other food jars with narrow openings.  I had it on my list to buy this kind of brush but never got around it until now; I'm glad I finally purchased it.", "Okay, MAYBE a bit more sanitary than a toilet bowl brush but it is one stiff bristled brush.  Crazy stiff.  If you want gentle, don't buy this.", "We bought this to clean inside water bottles.  It works perfectly for that.  We don't use it for anything else, but it works great for cleaning out water bottles.", "I really like this bottle brush!  The length is perfect and the handle is awesome (it won't slip out of your hand when wet).  The only reason for four stars is because the bristles are just too soft.  I like tougher bristles (almost impossible to find).  Other than that, it was a great purchase and I use it all of the time for glasses, stainless water bottles, glass water bottles, etc.  A must have in the kitchen.", 'I shopped around for a bottle brush locally and believe it or not could not find one anywhere! My water bottles were not getting clean enough so I wanted to give them a good scrub. This worked great.', "Get this if you cycle. It's not enough tow ash out your bottle with water. This will clean them out real good. Very easy to use.", 'Bough some glass water bottles recently and this brush is the perfect tool for cleaning the insides, A little, hand detergent and warm water with this brush work miracles!', 'Works well for thermoses when you need to clean them.. I was very impressed with how clean it got them.', "I was expecting something a little firmer to really scrub out the gunge in my water bottle. This only works if I use it while things are still 'fresh'.", 'Works great in all my water bottles. The brush fits perfectly in my camelback big chill and keeps it clean and germ free. The bristles are holding up nicely and it is plenty big enough to reach even the deepest water bottles. Highly recommend if you use water bottles.', "I have been buying these kind of brushes for years.  This is the reason I don't mind washing my dishes by hand.  I used to hate using a dish cloth and getting hands wet. I change them about every 3 months.", 'this bottle brush fits in my takeya water bottle, and others, without any issues.  it seems to be well made and cleans bottles accordingly.  it does what it is supposed to!', 'I picked this up as an add-on item to substitute for the stainless version. It seems like pretty good quality for what it is. I have yet to test the dishwasher safeness of either but plan on it. I do wish that these had the replaceable brush head like some of their other products.', 'Great product that is build very well and is sturdy.  I have another one that I bought years ago and this one is made so much better.', "If you have a bunch of water bottles and thinner travel coffee mugs- YOU NEED THIS BRUSH!Makes cleaning all those things so much easier. Can't believe I didn't buy one of these earlier!", 'Purchased this bottle brush because using a dish brush to clean Nalgene 32oz and 44oz is not a possibility.Glad I bought it; worth the price. The bristles are soft and pliable but still get their scrub on.', "I got this to properly clean mason jars, nalgenes, wide-mouth Siggs, especially near the curved parts.  Seems to rinse well and doesn't hold stains and dirt.  Dries pretty quick!", "I have a SIGG water bottle that needed cleaning. My first search resulted in a special SIGG brush that was ~$9. This was ~$4. In combination with Efferdent tablets, this brush works great to clean and refresh the bottle and remove the metallic-y smell from my bottle. (DONT BUY THE SIGG TABLETS -- SIGG Tablets are 24 tablets for ~$8 while Efferdent, which works EXACTLY the same, is 120 tablets for ~$6!!!). Be smart people; Don't buy the SIGG branded stuff since this brush (and the Efferdent tablets) work just the same, if not better for a lot less money.", 'I like this brush, though I do wish it had a suction cup, or something, so it would be easier to be near the sink.  We lay it on the counter and let the brush part hang over into the sink.  It does a good job, though, even though the bristles are not as dense as other bottle brushes.  We had the other OXO brush with a stand, and while it was nice, the stand had a tendency to get moldy unless washed often.  For the price these are easy to replace when necessary.', "This is a great product to clean children's sippy cups with. The bristles on the brush are soft enough where they won't scratch the cup, yet durable to do a thorough job cleaning the cup! I highly recommend for parents that are obsessed with clean cups!", 'I bought this brush so I could maybe use it in the bathroom to get scum out of the sink drain however it will not go in the drain.  It was much bigger than I thought but that is fine, I will use it for something else.  Still looking for a small headed brush to get down that drain!', "I recently got a new job and have been driving an hour a day to get to it.  So I started taking coffee in this deep thermos mug which quickly became soiled.  This brush really does the trick and I have found it so useful for other cleaning operations.  Not good as a toothbrush, but good back scratch!  I took of one star because it doesn't really look so good, and the whole to hang it should be a smidge bigger so it goes over hooks more easilier.", "I've purchased other products from OXO before and like those products, it's a well made item and I see it lasting for some time.  I've always gotten my money's worth out of them and that's one of the most important things (next to quality) that I am looking for.", "This is a great brush.  I use it for my 32oz Nalgene bottles and it works fine, but I also use it for my 16oz Takeya Glass Bottles and it especially works AWESOME for those because it touches all the sides of the bottle when it's in it!  When it's in the Nalgene bottle you have to circle it around to get all the sides, but not so with the smaller diamater bottles.  Handle is the perfect length and the bristles still stick out and look fine after 6 months of use.", 'nice product, the collors are nice and i really enjoy. hight quality product. not so cheap but i love it.', "What can I say. It's a brush and does what brushes do best. I rarely use it but it's nice to have around.", 'Perfect to scrub out my Nalgene on the fly water bottles.  Works really well, and does the job with a little bit of dishwashing soap.', 'I love that this has soft bristles that are tough enough to get stuck on foods off with ease. The handle is very sturdy unlike other bottle brushes and is the perfect length. The OXO Good Grio handle is perfect for anyone with grip issues like arthritis or carpel tunnel.', 'I originally thought this one has round size for the brush, but it is slim. It turned out to be better on brush the tile lines and floor lines with cleaning soap.  Not bad.  The brush is pretty stiff and you put a great force on the brush area. kindly recommended, but think it is a little pricey...but I bet this brush will last many years.  LOL', 'Use this brush in my shower and it works well.  I also use it around the base of my faucets.', "I really like OXO products so I expected that I would like this grout brush when I purchased it as an Add On item to fill out an order.  To my surprise, I not only like it, I love it.  I was one of those who was using an old toothbrush to do grout and I can't believe how much better the grout looks using this brush and with a lot less effort.I was so happy with the brush that I ordered another for the upstairs shower a week later.  This is a very well designed brush for grout and shower edges.", 'Brush is of good construction and handy for those hard to reach places.  My only complaint is that the bristles are a little soft and get bent after a good thrashing, but held up pretty well after some abuse.  I have used it for tough jobs like cleaning around the base of the toilet, shower drains, etc. &#8203;', 'This brush is a partner in house cleaning. The angle of this brush allows me to get into thosehard to reach area, i.e. shower stall corners, shower doors, corner grout areas.', 'THIS BRUSH IS SO GOOD. IT CLEANS WERE OTHER BRUSH;S CAN;T GET TO. YOU CAN USED THIS ANY WERE.IN YOUR HOME. GREAT BUY.', "I've used a similar hand scrub brush and loved it.  This grout brush has a longer handle though it's scrubbing surface is not as long.  It is excellent for use in corners or when you don't feel like kneeling.", "I have stuff I needed to scrub really hard to get clean.  The bristles on this brush bend and fold over.  They are long and just don't feel like I can get any muscle behind my scrubs.", "OXO makes great household products and what I love about this brush is that you can reach the corners of the shower tiles. It's comfortable to hold and it scrubs really well. Highly recommended.", 'Love this brush. It is sturdy and really does its job well. I am thinking of ordering another one to have as a replacement just in case I wear it out', 'Great for scrubbing everything!  I have one in each bathroom and in the kitchen.  Am going to add another to the basket for cleaning various bird baths in the yard.', "Elbow grease required. Cleaning solution required. Dirty grout or shower floor required. Now, get cleaning....it won't get clean by itself.", 'Really helps get the grout clean and also really helps in tight corners. I do have to scrub a little, but this really takes a lot of the work out of it which helps me clean less and play with my baby more!', 'This works well as a vegetable brush.  Some of the bristles are already coming out with minimal use, thus the reason for only four stars.']
FOOD
['Just another flavor of Kit Kat but the taste is unique and a bit different.  The only thing that is bothersome is the price.  I thought it was a bit expensive....', 'Really good. Great gift for any fan of green tea! Just so expensive to purchase candy from across the sea.', 'I had never had it before, was curious to see what it was like. Smooth, great subtle good flavor. I am ordering more and plan to make it a routine.', "I've been looking forward to trying these after hearing about how popular they were in Japan, and among Kit Kat fans as well. I do not recommend ordering these during warm weather, because they can melt and become smushy. I ordered mine right when summer began, and they were a bit mushy so I let them solidify under room temp. Afterwards, I tried some and they tasted fine. I was expecting a stronger green tea or matcha flavor, but it is actually quite subtle. The outer coating was creamy and not overly sugary, which I liked. Overall, I wouldn't say it's insanely good, but definitely a yummy treat.", "These Kit-kats are very good, but if you're looking for a strong green tea flavor- you will be disappointed. The green tea flavor is very subtle.", 'I found these in a Mitsuwa Marketplace in Illinois.I actually expected them to taste better than the did.  they were okay but seem smaller than standard kit kats and the taste was a tad mild compared to other green tea candies I have tried.But still, they were pleasant enough and nice for a change.', 'Creamy white chocolate infused with Matcha green tea surrounding layers of wafers. Much less sweeter than the traditional Kitkat. Small size is perfect to satisfy the chocolate craving w/o the guilt. Was in LA last week and picked up a bag on a whim at the Japanese store in Little Tokyo. Now, back in WI and regretting not picking up a handful more. Not only were these Kitkats delicious, the bags were only $5 each!', "After hearing mixed opinions about these Kit Kats, I decided to try them. They are excellent, and I do not regret purchasing them at all. They taste like matcha with a bit of a vanilla and milky flavor as well. They are not too sweet or too plain. These are the best Kit Kats I've ever had, and I would recommend them to anyone who likes matcha-flavored candies or anyone wanting to try an unusual kind of Kit Kat.", 'I ordered these in Summer so they of course arrived melted, a trip the freezer made them awesome again though. Just order them in cooler times of the year and you should get them in good condition.I love these so much more than the regular chocolate Kit-Kat bars. I hope some day to see them on store shelves in the US some day.', 'These are definitely THE BEST candy bar out there!  I just wish I was able to find them in a local store instead of having to buy them online!', "Yes - this is one of the most expensive candies around, because it only comes imported. But my goodness - are these ever good. The KitKat folks could really clean up if they started selling these in the US. Once you try them you can't wait for more. So yummy and delivered quickly and fresh.", 'I love the green tea kitkat, taste so good, not as sweet as the milk chocolate one, and it comes with 12 small pack, easy to keep on a diet, i love this one and the dark chocolate one!', "I love Kit Kat & green tea....together they are okay.  Nothing to get excited about.  I wouldn't order this again.", "I tried this for the first time today and it is delicious but I don't quite taste the Matcha flavor as you would in like say a Green Tea ice cream. To me it tasted like white chocolate with a grainy texture which I'm guessing is the Matcha tea powder. I think my favorite KitKat flavor mix is the Mocha.", 'It has lots of specks of vanilla beans in here. The taste is wonderful. It is fabulous mixed in to plain yogurt.', "A true vanilla-holic I use this vanilla every day.  I don't even measure I just dump it in.  Love the flavor, aroma, and bean flecks.  I use it in place of vanilla extract all the time. This is a fantastic price for a great quantity. I will be purchasing this again as I'm sure to run out at the speed I'm using it.  Its more of a syrup than a paste really, but it exchanges for extract beautifully.  I usually just take out a bit of sugar from whatever I'm using it in as the paste does contain sugar.", 'This product has been great. It has a great flavor, the bottle is huge and I would absolutely buy it again and would recommend this product to anyone else looking for a Vanilla Extract or Paste.', 'This product is very misleading. The bottle states it is pure vanilla bean paste when in fact it is sugar, water, vanilla extract and a thickener added to it. The result is a very sweet vanilla flavored sugar paste. This is not usable for all cooking and absolutely cannot be used for anyone prepping food/drinks for someone with blood-sugar issues. This product should be removed from Amazon until the description is updated with the exact ingredients along with its nutritional information.', 'you cant beat the taste or the price for that matter on this Vanilla Bean Paste...you use it as you would regular vanilla, teaspoon for teaspoon, however you get the beautiful little seeds as you get when you use a vanilla bean.', "I've tried a whole bunch of vanillas but none of them are as good as this one. The 32 ounce size is a money saver for anyone who uses a good deal of flavoring. Love the look of the seeds in this as well. Rich flavor and you don't need to use a lot of it.", 'Nothing beats Nielsen-Massey Madagascar Bourbon Vanilla. Once you\'ve used it, all other vanillas seem weak or watered down in comparison. I\'ve been using this brand exclusively for at least 5 years now. However, I always order their Vanilla extract & didn\'t even realize they offered a \'paste\'.I wasn\'t looking closely when I ordered this and was surprised when I opened this and found it was a thicker, gel-like substance. My first concern was "will it taste as good?" followed by "what is being used to thicken this stuff?". The taste seems pretty equivalent and according to the label, a tsp. of this is equal to a tsp. of their vanilla extract. The thickener used is Gum tragacanth, which if you wiki it shows as being a gum from a middle eastern tree.Personally, I\'d prefer to cook with stuff that doesn\'t have added thickeners, colorings, artificial flavorings etc., so going forward I will be sure to check the label and order the extract. However, I didn\'t see anything about the gum tragacanth to make me want to toss this bottle out and not use it at all.I do not think this has better or more intense flavor than the Nielsen-Massey Vanilla extract although others here have claimed this. You do see the little bits of vanilla bean in the gel/paste, so if you like that "look" of vanilla bean specks in your ice cream, cake or whatever you\'re making then this will give you that. However, taste wise, it\'s not better plus you\'re adding a tree gum to your food.All-in-all I\'ll stick with the same brand vanilla extract going forward, but would be willing to order this paste again if their extract weren\'t available (because the taste of the Nielsen-Massey Madagascar Bourbon Vanilla is far superior to every other vanilla I\'ve used in the past (including home-made).', 'This was recommended for all kinds of baking needs.  It looks so super and we appreciate its availability through Amazon.com.', 'This is my favorite vanilla for baking, by far!!! I love that it is not a thin liquid but more of a thick, syrup consistency, so when added to anything you are baking (especially in quantities that are over and above the quantity called for in a recipe, which is a must for me) it does not alter the end product the way traditional thin vanilla extract does. In addition, like all Nielsen-Massey vanilla products, it has a robust vanilla flavor. Accept no cheap substitute. This is worth the price; your taste buds will thank you.', "This is a great price for this much vanilla bean paste and this brand is one of the best.  I'm thinking the average baker would never use this much paste but I bake several times a week and so this goes pretty quickly for me.  I use it in place of vanilla extract but NOT when I want to keep an item really white like my fluffy buttercream icing (I use a clear vanilla extract for that).  I pretty much always double the amount of vanilla I put into a recipe because I love the flavor so much.  The fun thing about vanilla bean paste is you get the attractive little black flecks like you would if you hand scraped a vanilla bean for your recipe.  I use vanilla beans themselves too and I think the paste is just as good.  You won't regret getting this. Great and delicious in poundcake! Yum!", "As I believe someone else had mentioned, I put vanilla on my vanilla!  This is my kind of vanilla.  I even open it up sometimes just to smell it!  And it's great in pies.  We also make a vanilla fruit dip and it's terrific!  I am just wondering how I am going to scrape the inside of the bottle to make sure I get every drop of it!  My husband even drizzled some over his vanilla ice cream.  And I have put some in my hot vanilla chai.  Like I said, I like vanilla on my vanilla!  I love that you can actually see the bean specs also.  It's definitely the best I have ever had!", 'I actually discovered vanilla paste in the smaller quantity here on Amazon and ordered it several times. I absolutely love it and decided to upgrade to this larger size because it is a much better value. The savings are incredible! I recommend this to anyone that cooks with vanilla extract. Try it; you will like it!', "In my opinion, this is the best vanilla out there.  The flavor is good, you can buy it in huge bottles and it's got those cute little specks of vanilla bean in it.  I put vanilla in everything I bake, it's my favorite flavor.  Doesn't cook out, stays strong in your baked goodies.  Highly recommend.", 'My wife likes this tea. This is a good product that was as described. It arrived on time and was well packaged.', 'It has no sugar so I bought it.  I mean all cranberries are sweetened but this is not so I am happy with this.', 'Great taste and Anti Bloat!This was recommended for relaxing and it does that too.A nice change from other Teas.', 'This is an interesting tea. It has a light sweet flavor. Supposedly has health benefits. Need to drink more to get the benefits.', "I read where Dandelion tea could help with weight loss.  Whether or not that is true I can't atest.  After reading some of the potential side affects of drinking dandelion tea, I decided it was not for me and tossed it out.", 'Have tried another Dandelion Root Tea and the taste was horrible.  This tea has a very mild pleasant taste and I look forward to my afternoon cup of tea.', "Valerian itself smells pretty bad and the taste...well, the addition of mint makes it better, but this tea is still an acquired taste. I've bought this particular brand of Valerian Mint tea for several years and have found it to be a helpful, natural sleep aid.I heat about 6 ounces of water and let the bag steep for at least 7 to 8 minutes so it's nice and concentrated. When I'm drinking it to help sleep, I have it 30-40 minutes before going to bed. It definitely helps me feel more relaxed and fall to sleep a little easier than usual. Although Valerian is herbal, check with your doctor or pharmacist to make sure it won't interact with any OTC or prescription medications you're taking.", "One male Amazon reviewer here stated that dandelion root reduced the inflammation in his foot.  I liked his story so much I gave this tea a try because I felt I suffered from inflammation as well, although it involved the nasal passage.  After finishing more than half the package, having three cups of dandelion tea a day for more than a week, I have to attest to the fact that it did little more than give me hope.  I enjoyed the tea.  It did not have a bitter or odd taste, not to me.  I drank it hot without honey.  It was a bit of a diuretic and I felt it gave me a bit more energy somehow, but it did not make a noticeable difference in my cold-like symptoms related to mucous and my nose.  I am only reporting my experience, not a scientific test and I certainly don't know if dandelion tea is even supposed to work with nose inflammation and colds.I liked the tea and enjoyed drinking this tea more than drinking black or green tea or even Earl Grey tea.  I will keep a stock of dandelion tea on hand now that I've enjoyed the experience of it.  It probably does have good medicinal uses, though not for what I have.", 'This tea i had never tried before, it has a very good flavor and will probably order again when  I do the tea diet again', 'This tea has wonderful flavor and is a very good quality product. I will buy it again and have recommended it to others.', 'Very nice tea.  I actually mix it with a black tea and drink it every day and have noticed that I do feel calmer and happier.', 'lovely tea for that time of the month helps ease cramps and ive been buying this tea for about two years now and ive never had an issue with drinking it... very lite taste and i just love it', "Almost tastes like Parsley?  I tried to plant the product and it just won't grow? Can't figure it out! Great on Salads", "Drank some as soon as I got it. Unfortunately, the flavor is so un-memorable, that I haven't thought of it much since! I do like that I could mix it with any other tea flavor, however, because I do believe that it has beneficial properties. It was sealed in a back in the box, and while that bag is not resealable, I expect that as long as I remember to, I will drink it up before it goes stale. Not sure I'd notice the flavor difference, honestly.", 'Its tea. I purchased it for the benefits of hyssop. The flavor is bland, but  Im hoping it is strong enough to see the benefits.', "good for therapeutic means. you have to take tea like this everyday to feel any real benefits but it's helpful", "I don't like nettles. I discovered this with this tea. It is quality tea but the taste is not for me. I do know a couple of people who LOVE it but for me, its terrible so I averaged out their great review and my awful one and gave it 3 stars.", 'This is my husbands favorite tea!  He absolutely loves licorice and this tea really hits the spot.  He drinks it pretty much every evening.', 'is great for the eyes.  Got it at a good price, & it tastes great.  Nothing else to say.  Period.', "I heard this tea might kill cancer cells so I ordered a box to see how it tasted because I have a niece with lung cancer.  The tea tastes great and I should have ordered more.  I'm giving her this box and so we don't know if it will help her but it surely won't hurt and it tastes great.", 'Interested in this tea for its joint benefits. Did some research online on various sites and this link is a comprehensive  source for the various health benefits found in drinking Nettle Tea[...]  {copy & paste this link}I drink other teas from this same brand and the quality and flavor compared to other brands of the same type of tea are not even comparable. I highly value Traditional Medicinals for both taste and quality.', 'I bought them as a gift for a friend who loves this tea.  She seems very happy.  Arrived fast and in great condition.  Thank you!', 'This is the most excellent tea. It is very smooth and relaxing. It tastes like chamomile tea a bit but milder. I love to have a cup in the evening with a drop or two of stevia to sweeten. Definitely will buy more.', "My mind races so fast that sometime even i cant keep up with the pace and especially towards the end of the day when I am suppose to be winding down, my brain sure aren't in that same space and hence I dont get a great night sleep.  I will drink this tea at the end of the night to make me calm down naturally and it does help.  Does not have a strong flavor even after steeping it for over 10 minutes.", "Tea is always refreshing, but this is just helpful. Not only does it have a nutritious value, but it is easy to use. This also goes well withMenopause Support- 3 Bottles/ 1 Month Supply. All-Natural Herbal Remedy for the Relief of Hot Flashes and Other Menopause Symptomsas it helps to keep you relaxed. Well I can't think any other reason why you shouldn't at least try this tea.", "I have used Pau D'Arco tea for a few decades to help my body fight off yeast infections. I always found it unpalatable, the taste was so harsh. A couple years ago, I discovered Traditional Medicinals' Pau D'Arco blend. The other ingredients that they add make it quite pleasant. Then, I discovered Alvita's Pau D'Arco nearly a year ago. What a surprise! It is the pure herb, but tastes much like Traditional Medicinals' blend. It is not my favorite tea to drink, but it is my favorite way to get Pau D'Arco. I find that Alvita teas are always excellent in flavor. I associate flavor with quality, thus I think I am getting a lot of the active ingredient in their brand.", 'I think we will be buying this again.  There is a local man who made as good if not better honey but he has passed on as far as we know.  We taste test honey often.  I like it in my tea and my husband likes his on bread.', "What can I say bad about this honey? Nothing!!! I even wonder if it's just raw honey at all! It is very thick, sweet, and creamy! I only use it for tea but when I did my YouTube review I tasted it and boy why did I do that????? It is YUMMY!! Check out my YouTube review to get my full opinion and reaction! [...]", "I take a spoonful in the am and pm. I'm a hot sleeper and this regulates my metabolism wonderfully. Highly recommend this.", 'This has to be the best tasting honey on the market in my humble opinion. Use it in my coffee and it melts right away. Gives the coffee a taste like none other. It comes in the hardened state but like I said with the coffee I use it in it melts easily. Or either put the jar in warm water to melt it.', "There's nothing terribly special about this honey.  By the description on the side of the jar you'd think this was manna from heaven.  You can tell it's honey and not sugar, but it has none of the lovely subtle flavours I was expecting from a a jar that says 'We have searched the world and traveled thousands of miles to find the perfect isolated, untouched areas where nature is abundant with wildflowers that flourish in the undisturbed frontier wilderness.' etc ect.I used to get big 5kg tubs of raw honey from a local beekeeper, it was oh so much more flavorful than this stuff, their clover honey was like nibbling on clover blossoms and their wildflower was as unpredictable as wildflowers are, but always something fresh and fruity and floral and wonderful, but I've since moved away... I thought this would be a good replacement, but alas, I will have to go searching and see if I can find a farmer's market nearby.If you're coming from the perspective of using the honey flavoured corn syrup often sold as honey in supermarkets, you'll find this delightful.  Just know that there is much, much better out there.", "So I wanted to run an experiment to see if spiking insulin levels after exercise induced muscle gain. Since sugar is not really healthy, I decided to use honey since it is purportedly full of healthy nutrients. As pasteurizing inactivates most of the nutrients, I chose organic and raw honey. It arrived in enough bubble wrap to protect the jar from a drop of at least 100 feet. Quite impressive. It took me a minute with a knife to get it all off. The honey itself was pretty hard on top but was softer about an eighth inch in. Taste was perfect. I spent half a day slowly heating it and it eventually became a viscous liquid but after 2 days it appears to be crystallizing again. It's not that bad because I kind of liked the sensation of the honey melting in my mouth, slowly releasing the sweetness. I find that making a peanut butter and honey sandwich is as good to me as any dessert I have ever tried but much healthier. Overall, I am pleased with the honey.", 'Great stuff!  I love the taste and the health benefits of raw honey.  A side advantage is less sticky mess.  Very easy to spoon into your tea with no sticky drips!  Rather expensive, but a large container that should go a long way.', 'Great, on my third jar.Great taste.Havent  had such good tasting honey in a long time.It always comes before they say', 'It was...different. I am sp used to processed foods it actually tasted quite odd. I like it though, I used it for my homemade cinnamon-rolls yesterday and they came out so mouth-watering delicious. I also Used it in my hair this morning along with hot oil to condition my hair & my hair is sooooooo soft. I have very dry curly hair and it brought the bounce and shine back into my curls!! :)NO COMPLAINTS!!', 'For the past 4 months I have been eating healthy. Everything from having no artificial sweeteners to recording every calorie and nutrient I eat.  After doing hours of research I came to the conclusion all natural honey needed to be introduced to my diet. I was very impressed!!! I typically make a fresh ground almond butter sandwich add bananas, and this honey and it tastes great!Taste: AMAZINGPrice: Not bad, because it lasts a LONG LONG time. You wont use much at a time.Health: VERY GOOD FOR YOUOverall, I would but it again!', "Very delicious and different from the store bought honey I've been used to my whole life.  It is solid but not crystalized in the way that store bought honey gets after awhile, more like a type of butter.  It spreads easy and this is better I think because there is less of a mess than dealing with a liquid.They wrapped it 3x thick in bubble wrap, I guess from after all the responses of broken bottles lol.", 'Currently comparing this with Manuka, and I really like this honey.  It looks more like what I expect in a raw, unprocessed honey; and I like that it is in a glass jar.', 'For years I used &#34;the other stuff&#34;.  That is the kind of honey you can see thru.  Then I read about being concerned regarding the country of origin of most mixed honey and decided to give Organic a try.  Its a bit more work to use this, but the taste is wonderful.  The pearly cream color and consistency makes this honey SO MUCH better than the other variety.You need to use a spoon, but its wonderful in the place of jelly on sandwiches.  I like that this is from Canada and US sources.If you are considering trying Organic Honey .. give this a try.  I thought 32oz would be too big of a jar but its alreadyhalf gone.Great  price too.', "This is definitely different (even though the packaging looks similar) to the other honey I have boughtY.S. Eco Bee Farms Raw Honey - 22 oz.  This honey is a whole food and avoids all of the processes that are involved with making that other honey that is available on the grocers shelves.I love the raw (spun) kind of honey.  The thickness and the taste of flowers (you can get an idea of what types of flowers the bees visited) give this particular brand a light, floral taste.My bottle had a crystallized layer at the top that was almost waxy.  This added to the flavor and texture and was not a problem.  As others have mentioned, this can be softened by placing the bottle in hot water.  I find that this honey is great on my Udi's GF bread as toastUdi's Gluten Free Whole Grain Bread (1 Case).  A spoonful of the honey is great for the throat and just feels good.Love it.", "I will buy nothing but raw honey. This brand is very good!! It is very difficult not to eat spoonful's!* I take a spoonful before bed and it actually helps me to sleep better.* Put honey on a cut and it WILL heal faster!* GREAT for skin.  Either water it down to be thinner to wash your face with or put honey on your face as a facial.  Once the honey has set on your skin for about 10 minutes, press your fingers (flattened hand) against the honey and pull.  Yes, sticky.  Do this for several minutes all over your face. It helps to pull toxins out of your skin and stimulates blood flow. Your skin is left sparkling clean.* Raw honey has antibiotic properties which is why they say to put honey in warm water and sip. It helps  coat the throat and reduce irritation.* For blocked sinuses, mix a teaspoon or so in a pot of hot water and then put the towel over your head and inhale the steam.  Again, the antibiotic properties help with a sinus infection.* To treat allergies the honey should be local so the bees have made the honey from the local pollen.* A spoonful (ok, a heaping spoonful) in my coffee or tea gets a burst of energy.I love the texture, I love the taste.  Absolutely night and day from processed honey.", 'I tried both ys organic bee farms raw honey. The certified organic and the other non certified version. This honey has good flavor but i find the texture is a bit too hard. This version comes in a glass jar. The other version comes in a plastic jar. The other version is a better texture and flavor in my opinion. The other version has a slightly more intense honey flavor at least over the processed kind. The 22 oz version is my pick between the two', "This honey has an excellent flavor, especially after i set it in warm tap water (100-110 degrees F) for about an hour to get it real creamy. The sweetness is perfect, the creamy body is just right and it just has a downright nice &#34;honey taste&#34;.The creamy honey is far better than the raw, organic honey that can crystalize after sitting for a long while, which has a grainy texture I don't care for.", 'I really like this honey and the flavor it adds to my teas.  I will definitely purchase this product again.', 'I had to find a sweetener replacement because agave syrup gave me carb-reactive hypoglycemia and blood sugar issues.This honey is - delectable.I use it:- for raw chocolate syrup - 1 part raw dark cocoa powder, 1 part raw coconut oil or cocoa butter, 1/2 part honey (or to taste)- for healing honey - warm water, a bit of lemon and 1/2 tsp of this honey a day for body-healing properties- for cinnamon toast - spread this plus sprinkled cinnamon over gluten-free breadAll in all, I will for SURE be a regular and buy this again when I run out.NOTE:  the top of my honey looked white, maybe from oxidation on the top layer or moisture in the honey top layer.  But it tasted Fine!Yum yum!', 'I like it. The price is good and the quality of the honey seems to be good for a raw organic honey.', 'This is the best honey we have ever had. It has the bees wax on top to seal the honey and to eat a scoop of the wax with the honey is so good. Love this stuff!!!', "I LOVE THIS STUFF!  It seemed costly, but, I am so glad I tried it. It is a firm form of the tastiest honey I have ever had. I spoon it right out of the jar and into my mouth. If you need it to be softer you just warm it up. It's not crystalized like when honey sits for too long. This is smooth and has a creamy feel in the mouth. It melts quickly in my tea and the smell is divine. Highly recommended!", 'Great product especially for vegans, great foe healing cuts and burns?easy to store. Just keep out of heat and light no refrigeration requmired', "Great value for the quality and price! I've had a lot of raw honey and this one is fabulous!! Well worth the purchase.", "This is great honey - very nice flavor, very mild, great to use in baking, on rice cakes, in coffee or tea... all around great organic honey...  I put the jar in the microwave to make it more runny, because it doesn't come that way.  If you are going to put in tea or coffee, or spread on rice cakes, its fine as it is - but need to make it runny if you are going to bake with it, so you can pour into a measuring cup...", 'First let me just say..I thought about this before I wrote this review, after taking things into consideration I decided since my satisfaction was a total disregard in the first place I think I should warn people prior to their purchase.when I received my package EVERYTHING in the box was dripping in honey & might I add ((NOT CHEAP)) honey at that!! I bought 2 jars of this honey & they were both destroyed when they came. The boxes of Tea I purchased were also in the box with the jars & were sloshing in the broken glass jars of honey as well..Why buy glass jars of anything if it comes busted??? I have purchased many items on Amazon that were glass & always they were wrapped specially for protection against the rough treatments in transit. This time however?  it was rolling around loose DUH!!!! you do NOT insert 2 glass jars together in a big box & expect them to arrive in tact I mean how dumb!!! it was so gross I couldnt salvage anything but the honey soaked tea boxes. Needless to say I wont be buying from this company again, I know who I can safely buy from..those sellers that take extra care in the shipping process. OUT $45.57 & one BIG FAT STICKY MESS!!!!!!!!!!!', 'very easy to get out of jar, delicious in taste and priced right! I like it thicker like this for easy spreading!', 'I love honey, and this is no exception. The flavor is good, with a mellowness that highlights the organic nature of the product. The honey is thick and fairly hard in the jar, but melts rapidly in tea or on toast.', "I call this happiness in a jar.Okay it's not 100% raw like from a honeycomb, but its not bad either. Also, raw honey is a much better alternative than 'healthier processed' sweeteners like xylitol and stevia.", "I still haven't figured out what makes this honey the color and consistency that it is.. I buy local honey but wanted to try this.. I love the flavor and fact that it's not filtered in any way.. Don't think it has quite the taste as my local raw honey though.. May purchase again..", 'There is double the taste when you get the organic honey.  I ate one pound in a month just in my coffees.  Very cheap if you look around.', 'I enjoy honey in my morning tea, and the local health food store had run out so I bought this.  It was more firm than the honey I typically get, but still very flavorful and does the job to sweeten the tea!  I just like the taste and consistency of local raw honey better I guess?', 'This is a very delicious, pure, true raw USDA organic honey.REAL HONEY: Raw honey is expensive. USDA organic honey is more expensive than just even organic honey without the stamp of USDA. To combine RAW and USDA organic and add qualities like Only 100% pure raw, unpasteurized, unfiltered, undiluted, untreated, unprocessed, no HFCS, not adulterate, not blended with other items such as corn syrup and rice syrup, makes it the true honey not glucose tasting like honey. For that reason that superior product, that superior superfood never sells in big buckets, or hardly ever in any container over 16 oz jar.FILTERING: At country\'s top honey packers, Dutch Gold, in Lancaster, PA, raw honey gets pumped through layers of white filters. Before the honey hit the filters, a powdered sedimentary rock called diatomaceous earth is added. This is a standard, widely used process. It removes all the pollen, along with dust, bees\' wings, and, of course, the diatomaceous earth.ORGANIC HONEY: Organic honey doesn\'t go through nearly as fine a filter since organic rules prohibit the use of diatomaceous earth in the filtering process but regardless it is not a raw honey just because organic.VARIETY: Weather, location, flower type and season impact the coloring, taste and viscosity of honey produced by bees. Honey by the cost will hardly even crystallize. Tupelo sold by YS is raw although runny and pourable which will not crystallize due to its high moisture content. If from outside of US then Fair Trade stamp has some assurances of fair treatment of workers although not true in every case.CHINESE HONEY: Chinese honey famous for "ultrapurified," a technique that can involve diluting honey with extra water, running it through extremely fine filters, and then removing the water. The process filters out much more and produces a sweet substance that is no longer honey. The process removes any pollens and the possibility of identifying the source of honey. Chinese honey is barred from the U.S. not because it\'s unsafe, but because U.S. officials decided it was too cheap. Chinese honey has had more than its share of safety problems. But there\'s also plenty of perfectly good Chinese honey for sale on the world market. EU is fussier about honey quality than the US, yet EU imports lots of honey from China but not US.QUALITY: A honey is only as good as the producer and regardless of all marketing and claims by sellers, there is no assurance that a jar of honey is full of pollen, unheated or unfiltered at 100 degree instead of 130 degree. Even if the honey was heated only to 90 degree at the time of production, the honey jar could be sitting in a storage or while being transported in containers that the temperatures can easily exceed 100 degrees. The only assurance that I have is purchasing honey from a producer with high quality reputation and a seller with high turnover. Wedderspoon brand and New Zealand are on top of my list. Purchasing Wedderspoon directly from Wedderspoon or authorized distributor is the only assurance I have for proper storage, pollen and enzymes that honey is consumed for.USES: I consume honey not by labeling but by the amount of pollen it carries. Only 100% pure raw, unpasteurized, unfiltered, undiluted, untreated, unprocessed, no HFCS, not adulterate, not blended with other items such as corn syrup and rice syrup from only trusted brands. I consume honey all the time since it has many nutritional benefits for me. I consume after any meal since it helps digestion. I used to consume chocolate years ago but I do not anymore since I consume pure cocoa which I add to my power drinks. I am into many sports and quality honey is the best quick energy I can get to boost my immune system and give myself a healthy rush of energy when I am in middle of my mountain biking, hiking, backpacking, surfing, etc. I drink lots of tea and I never use honey instead I use molasses. Molasses does not lose its nutritional value when heated but any heat to raw honey kills the quality enzymes and pollen in honey so I only consume honey straight out of the jar with spoon in moderation due to its high calories. Honey is the best ointment for all my scabs in mountain biking trails. After a day when my wounds are sealed I place raw honey for rejuvenation and it is the best healer of all instead of using Neosporin which loosens the scab and removes the scab, leaving scars on my skin. Bravo.', 'It look high quality product. The consistency and taste are perfect, and the glass container add better conservation. Thanks a lot.', 'A tasty, healthy spread: Combine 1/2 cup of YS Organic Honey with 1/3 cup extra virgin coconut oil* (add a teaspoon of organic lemon oil or orange oil for fruit flavoring if desired). Both honey and coconut oil should be cool but not cold for easiest mixing.* Try Garden of Life Extra Virgin Coconut Oil (sold in glass jars).', "I have been used to consuming honey which is sparkling in nature. Most of honey we get in supermarkets is not raw honey but  which has been pasteurized (heated at 70 degrees Celsius or more, followed by rapid cooling) for easy filtering and bottling so that it looks cleaner and smoother, more appealing on the shelf. When I looked at raw honey I could not believe why it looked like this. But the taste is awesome, and I have been reading up reviews here as well as online on health benefits of raw homey. I drink with warm water in morning or in raw spoonful. My grandparents had beehives, but I don't remember now how it looked over 35 years ago!This looks thick, but once you taste it you are hooked.", 'I mostly used it in my morning smoothies not too sweet keep us sneeze free and easy to spoon out.', 'Thank God the honey bees are still around. The chemical companies want them all dead. This bee product is very, very good, I have been buying their product for many years. If they could only talk !', "I had not recently tried organic raw honey so I was not sure what to expect, regardless, I did not expect this.  The taste is unbelievable, sweet yet not cloying- nothing else tastes quite like it.  The texture is also a nice surprise in that it's slightly creamy but with more body and texture than a typical processed spread like Nutella.Take a piece of high quality dense bread like Ezekiel bread, lightly toast it to bring out the nuttiness, then liberally apply a swab of raw honey to make a little piece of heaven on earth- delicious!", "I have never been a fan of brown honey, but this honey is awesome. The taste and texture is worlds apart from regular brown honey. It's also very nutritious. Who knew honey is also a prebiotic! This is the only honey I will buy now. Highly recommend!", 'It has a very light, delicate taste and goes wonderfully in most drinks. It does not go with everything, of course, but as far as honeys go this is a very solid all-around performer, right up there with fireweed, orange blossom, acacia, and southwest desert wildflower.', "I've always had that liquid, gooey golden brown honey, even fresh off the combs from a friend whose relatives did beekeeping. This however, is by far the best I've had. It's slightly floral and to me a tiny bit of spice. It's great in sweetening desserts too.", 'Honey is a good wholesome food, problem is if its shipped in glass, its bound to get broke, which it was, so naturally i hate to waste any thing, i heated it up filtered the glass out of it, but i know it now was just like store bought, had to heat it,,,,', 'these lasted me FOREVER! such a huge bag! i stored in my freezer and used when I needed it. recommend.', 'This is perfect for making coconut almond brittle.  Thing is, I found the same coconut at Kroger for $2.99.  I have never seen it until I ordered it online!  It is just so easy to order on Amazon Prime :) .', 'These are tasty but a bit on the crumbly side, turn powdery in yr hand.  Useful in cooking, esp. Cakes & frosting.', "These coconut &#34;chips&#34; look more like shaved coconut with lots of crumbs.  If you've seen shaved parmesan, that's what it looks like.  They are dehydrated but otherwise are minimally processed.  They are very tasty and have a nice texture for snacking, as opposed to shredded coconut.  Of course, since they aren't chip-like chips, you can't eat them like you would potato chips.  If you're going to eat them right out of the bag, be prepared for pieces on your clothes and carpet.  You can't leave them there because of the very high fat content.  They can cause oil stains.  I find it helpful to have my dog around when I'm snacking on these chips.I didn't realize that the fat content of coconut was so super-high.  Two ounces, or approximately one loose cup, contains 454 calories, of which 378 are fat.  There are 42 grams of fat in a 2 oz serving, of which 35.9 grams are saturated fat.  I know that there are health benefits to including coconut oil in my diet, but I thnk I'll be using these chips as more of a condiment, like with fruit and yogurt.Coconut is a natural anti-fungal.  One recommended use is for thrush infections.  This was definitely the favorite treatment, but I can't tell if it was helping.  Gentian violet has been the most effective so far for thrush.", 'So great to be able to shop for product on line. Unable to purchase product in my area because it is so small. Coconut chip  were fresh and tasted great.', "Nothing you don't want, just pure, great tasting coconut. Very clean, good taste & quality. I recommend removing the coconut from the plastic bag & storing in a glass or BPA free plastic container.", 'Ten bucks a pound is a lot for cocoanut, and this is not an everyday purchase, but the quality is premium.  Unsweetened chips of exactly the right thickness and dimensions.  It makes a good snack straight out of the package, toasts beautifully and works well in trail mixes raw.', "Thought these were going to be more like the large chunks of coconut that are slightly sweetened that I love.  These are plain coconut chips.  I'm using them in my morning smoothies for extra fiber.....", 'This product was delivered promptly without problems.  I found the coconut to be exactly what I needed.  It is not actually chips, but rather thick and wide strips of delicious, moist coconut.  Yum!', "This was a terrific buy and very fresh as well. Intended to use it exclusively for baking, but we couldn 't resist digging in and topping our ice cream with it as well.Yummy", 'I was so happy to find sugar free unsweetened coconut chips. They are really filling and the bag seems to go on forever. I have ordered this 2 times now and will make it a part of my pantry as long as they sell it!', 'too dry and could be tastier. Ive used other ones and these chips were either old and not fresh or just not the best sorry.', 'Item was recieved in a timely mannor and was packed as to protect item. would recomend this item for purchase', "Good stuff, I can pretty much choose how much cheese flavor I want in my foods. Great for home or camping & because its powder I don't have to watch for shelf life or mold ;-)", "This tastes like Kraft's mac & cheese. If you buy this and some elbow macaroni, you'll have the world fooled into thinking your dish came from a blue cardboard box.But hey, I enjoy boxed mac & cheese, and I enjoy using this cheese powder with other types of noodles to make shells & cheese or linguine & cheese. Perhaps I could even mix it into a white sauce and make nacho cheese.But the further away I went from mac & cheese, the less enjoyable I found this powdered solution to be. For example, I tried using it to make my favorite broccoli cheese soup, and the results were so disappointing I didn't even eat all of it. This definitely cannot replace regular cheddar, but it sure can make a quick and easy, cheesy meal.", "I tried both this product and 'Hoosier Hill Farm Cheddar Cheese Powder'. Both are very similar with a very slight nod to Hoosier Hill Farm's for better flavor (IMHO).  The products do not have a strong &#8220;cheesy&#8221; and are a little more salty than I would like, however it is powder cheese after all.  I tried both water and milk in the preparation, and not surprisingly, milk yields a more favorable result.  As a standalone cheese sauce it OK but not great, however I find it works well as a flavored binder or thickening agent with marinara or spaghetti sauce.  The long shelf life (if stored correctly) makes it a nice product to have around, I&#8217;ll buy more.Preparation:  Like most powdered food stuff, mixing the product takes a little care to avoid a lumpy result.  Its best to the powder in a small cup, add a little HOT liquid, and fold together with a spoon to form a thick paste.  Continue adding small amounts of liquid at a time until the past becomes a thick liquid consistency, and then the remaining liquid can be added.", 'I am excited to begin using this product to create my creamy cheese sauce and to add to my macaroni and cheddar bake.  It is a lot more convenient than shredding and melting cheeses or cooking into a sauce.  Also, I think it would be a very good addition to some potato dishes to give them some pizzaz!', "i was a bit skeptical at first but it's a wonderful addition to eggs, chowders, anyplace you want a cheesy flavor that tastes like cheese and not a chemical. plus it is not salty. it's a true cheese flavor. this is a must have in my kitchen. just adding this: you can mix it with a buttery spread for a new twist on garlic bread, bake it in the oven for a few minutes, bread wrapped in foil at 350. my company could not get enough. i'm sure i'll come up with more uses. stay tuned.", 'I bought two of these, a small one and this one. They are a must have for the prepared minded person. Add some to any dish to add wonderful cheesiness without grating or making a mess. Very easy to use and has awesome flavor.', "I bought this for popcorn after reading all the reviews. To keep it short here, it's way too salty, so you have to use just a little, then you can't taste it because all you can taste is salt. Then there's that super artificial bright orange color which is not at all close to the color of most cheddar cheeses. Too artificial looking. To sum it up, I do not recommend this for anything. Can't imagine putting on pasta for mac & cheese! Way too salty! Ick!I will continue my search for cheese powder.", "This powdered cheese is very flavorful and rich a little goes a long way. Made a thin paste for drizzling on steamed veggies and it was really quite good. Stirred a couple tablespoons into sour cream for my baked potato - absolutely divine! So convenient to use it makes you want to try new recipes. Cheesy cheddar mashed veggies? Yes please! Cheesy scrambled eggs? Next on my list!I did deduct a star because I think the artificial color is wayyyy overdone. This is real cheddar cheese without fillers, but the artificial colors make it look fake and unappetizing. I guess I understand they're going for that &#34;mac n cheese&#34; look with this powder, but honestly, I think it would be more appealing if it weren't fluorescent orange. Maybe with just a touch of anatto to give it a warm tint, or even leave the coloring out altogether and market it as &#34;white cheddar&#34;. The bright orange just looks... odd, especially on dark green vegetables.If the color doesn't bother you one bit, think of this as a five star product rating!", "We eat a lot of popcorn. I mean a lot. We buy it in 50# bags - just the two of us; the wife an I. I like flavors on my popcorn, and use garlic butter, Parmesan cheese, and other flavors. This cheese powder seemed like just the thing for a great flavoring on my popcorn. But, I was wrong. I tried it once. The bag is still clipped shut in the cupboard. The texture was gritty, and more stuck to the bowl than the popcorn. The color is more intense than the flavor. I didn't find it to be that cheese flavored popcorn I imagined.I told my wife to use it up in other dishes that could use a bit more cheese, but I don't think she is too thrilled to try it again. Live and learn.", "I was hoping it would be more like the Kraft M&C but it wasn't.  I could see where it would be good on popcorn though.", 'I debated whether to leave a review, given that there are so many, and especially given that the one that is currently ranked most helpful, conveys (for the most part) my \'take\' on this salt (including the fact that I, as well, use it as a finishing salt [and for the same reasons] to asparagus, and to meats... additionally, I sprinkle the flakes atop various other foods [including hash browns], just before serving).I decided to go ahead and leave a review, however, and despite the fact that it would be among the so many singing the praises of this remarkable and unique salt.  And while seemingly at risk of positive review after positive review perhaps sounding \'broken record\' -like, to some, my thinking is that in addition to the unique aspects found in a given review, if it helps anyone to have a particular impression and a specific \'use profile\' with this salt found in more than one review, then I\'m glad -- I know that it\'s been helpful to me, in my own experience, when reading through reviews of other products, prior to my having tried an associated item for the first time.This salt is incredible, and SO different from other salts, in terms of both its texture and its taste.  The coarseness, crunchiness, beautiful appearance, and wonderful taste of this salt lend themselves to inspired use.  And adding this salt to the \'finishing touches\' of a particular item can, all by itself, render the subsequent serving of said item a \'special occasion\' (that\'s how it feels for me).I\'ve been spontaneously inspired to add this salt to various things (let alone things to which I would not otherwise add salt [or if I did, it would involve nowhere near the taste experience and outcome of that achieved when adding Maldon salt]), including freshly torn pieces of roast chicken (to make a heavenly treat with a delightful added taste and \'crunch factor\')... and to a hardboiled egg that has been sliced in half (which, for me, \'elevates\' the subsequent taste experience from something simple to something with an almost regal decadence)... as well as to the top of a simply prepared plate of \'nachos\' consisting of baked blue corn tortilla chips with a minimal amount of melted mild cheddar-like cheese (and is especially good if the cheese is made from sheep\'s milk) -- to which the added flakes of Maldon salt atop the freshly melted cheese result in a \'sinfully delicious\' taste and \'crunch\' experience (with the Maldon salt\'s taste doing a special \'dance\' with the mild saltiness of the melted cheese, and piggybacking a slamdunk terrific taste on the cheese-being-compressed-into-it bite into the chip).From the first time I tasted Maldon salt, over 10 years ago, I have considered it the best salt that I have ever tasted, and to possess my absolute favorite texture, as well -- the crunchiness of this salt, when combined with its taste, make for a heavenly combination.  And the sheer look of its beautiful flakes adds its own aesthetic enhancement to anything one \'dresses\' with it.I love Maldon salt, and consider it a kind of \'special ops\' wildcard of sorts, \'in the kitchen\' :) -- this salt has transformative power, when it comes to food items to which it is added/topped with... and with respect to the resulting taste and crunch factor, there are striking \'before and after\' \'pics\' (so to speak), when it comes to the \'taste makeovers\' possible in conjunction with its being the sole difference.  When sprinkling flakes of this salt atop various items, I might as well be waving a magic wand... :)Honestly, the \'reaction\' I experience, when partaking of an item to which I\'ve added Maldon Salt, is deserving of its own theme music.  And while not matching in \'tone\', music-wise, to what it is I experience, the title of Tina Turner\'s "Simply the Best" is nonetheless more than apropos... :)', "I've been looking for some nice sea salt flakes that can serve both as regular salt and add that special crunch as a finishing salt.  I would highly recommend this salt!  In a pinch if I've ran out of my other salt, I use this and it works great!!", "These flakes are very nice for finishing dishes with. I don't use this for cooking (I use cheaper sea salt for that) but simply to give texture and fresh saltiness to finished dishes. Shipping takes quite awhile since mine came from UK, but it's worth it.", "If you're a foodie, then you know salts have distinctive flavors just like anything else. Maldon is my favorite salt. I use it on everything! But, it's EXPENSIVE in my local grocery stores.After finding it here on Amazon for such a fantastic price and quantity, I'll never have to do without it again:)", 'This salt is a great finishing salt for sweet or savory foods.  It flakes well between the fingers and has a pure taste.  I buy on amazon because it beats out my local grocery price any day.  I will be buying again.', 'After reading the reviews, I expected these salt flakes to be really special in flavor and texture. I was looking for a real "flake" that would melt on warm or hot food and blend into the flavor. These don\'t.  They are too large and too coarse. I would not buy again.', "I purchased this salt for a recipe for pretzel bread, and now it's starting to show up in other recipes I've been looking at! The flavor of the salt is strong, bright and clean. I would advise to use sparingly!", "Maldon is the best for making salt blends and encrusting things in salt!  I've tried so many others but this is the perfect shape for the best salt base!", 'So far this is he best sea salt.  It has a very good taste, no after taste and pinching between your fingers the salt  actually gets distributed better than a shaker or grinder.  Will keep buying this!', 'I use this Maldon salt nearly every day! It is perfect for finishing, so you get that beautiful crunch from the perfect little salt flakes. I would definitely recommend for any cook!', 'I don\'t use a lot of salt -- so when I do, I want it to be good stuff.This is super.  I don\'t have to use a lot to get the flavor I want -- just a pinch or two.  The flakes are easy to "crush" and that seems to release the flavor.Amazon\'s price for this is super, too.  The 8.5-oz box lasts a long time for me.  Definitely my first choice in salt.', 'I love salt. I would not eat it out of the box but I add a lot of salt to my food and this salt is fantastic. The taste is lovely and the crunch is great. I have been using it solely on desserts thus far and I works so well with my salted caramel chocolate torte. A sprinkle on top of the chocolate top makes a world of difference. It did not dissolve or get watery the way regular salt or even other sea salts would have. It stayed crunchy and whole to the end. You cannot go wrong with this salt.', 'This is great tasting salt and this bag will last you a long long time. I grid it with a hand grinder and use it all the time.', 'I have become a huge fan of different salts for different dishes. Maldon salt is one I saw on a cooking program and I just had to have it to prepare the recipe of the day. It performs just as they said it would. I recommend this to anyone wishing to expand their salt collection.', "I bought this partly because my pink Himalayan sea salt, while fine for cooking, has a tendency to coat my fingers when I pinch it to spread on food. Salt flakes sounded like a better idea.I was right. These salt flakes are more coarse, perhaps a bit larger than sesame seeds but certainly not on the level of corn flakes. They taste fine, have a very nice texture while pinching, and give a delightful crunch when chewed. It's tough to argue with all this.The container has a certain d&eacute;class&eacute; air about it and would be right at home in a French bistro, so you might not feel a need to get a salt box. One would be advisable anyway, just in case, since box can't easily be used as a dispenser once it starts to empty out significantly.", "this is the classic &#34;gourmet&#34; salt.  It is very coarse and hard, so this is not a finishing salt, nor should you use it in an application where it can't sufficiently dissolve.  It has a very bold salty taste, so a little goes a long way!", 'SAF yeast has been a long time favorite of mine.  It was once available locally at health food stores and supermarkets but I\'ve been unable to find any in the last few years.  I\'m very happy to see that Amazon now has it available as an add-on at a super bargain price.  It can be bought in either a single one-pound bag or in a package of four one-pound bags.  While I bake a lot of bread, I\'ve just been buying the single bags and they last through many loaves.  Right now Amazon charges  $7.65 for the single one-pound bags.  That is significantly cheaper than Fleishman\'s and Red Star bought locally for $5.00-6.00 in the 4 oz jars.  I keep the unused yeast in their original bags inside Ziploc freezer bags stored in the freezer.  For frequent daily use, I put some SAF in a Fleishman\'s yeast jar I kept from previous use and I keep this in the refrigerator.  This has proven to be a reliable method in keeping this yeast fresh.Other than the excellent price here on Amazon, SAF is an outstanding yeast.  It\'s very forgiving of the imprecise baker.  I mostly use a bread machine and I do measure the ingredients, however, I\'m not dogmatic about it and I will add a little extra or a little less of some ingredients as the spirit moves me.  When using some other brands of yeast, I occasionally had minor failures.  Usually this involved the bread rising too swiftly and then cratering in the center or when using 100% whole wheat flour, sometimes the loaves were a bit on the dense side.  With only minimal attention to detail, this doesn\'t happen to me with SAF yeast.  Bread made with this yeast rise beautifully into consistently sturdy loaves.I do not detect any off-tastes to bread made with SAF but I never found any off-tastes to bread made with other brands of yeast either.I\'ve read some reviews of bread machines and bread ingredients in which the reviewers say one MUST use a particular brand of flour to make a good loaf of bread.  To that I say, "Horsefeathers!"  Bread and all purpose flours are milled to such universal consistency around the country that it\'s hard to find a poor product.  If you have special needs such as a medical condition or you\'re concerned with only using organic products, that\'s a different subject and altogether outside the scope of this review.Bottom line here is that SAF is as good a bread yeast as you will find and Amazon\'s price is a bargain.', 'ive baked a good 5 loaves with this including some brioche. turns out great everytime. would order again, except its going to take me forever to get through this purchase.', "I make all of my own bread, so I go through a lot of yeast! I just laugh at the tiny packets and jars supermarkets tend to stock. This one-pound bag lasts a good long while. I keep some in a jar in the fridge, and the rest sealed in a bag in the freezer to replenish the jar as needed. It seems like really good yeast--it doesn't have to be proofed but can go straight into baked goods' dry ingredients. And the results with SAF are consistent, unlike with other yeasts. I used to have trouble with bread not rising sometimes when it seemed like I'd done everything right. With SAF, if you follow the same steps, you will get the same results. And that matters a lot to me.", 'This is just the best yeast!  I always get a perfect rise out of it and my kids love the taste it adds to breads, etc.  I keep a pouch in my fridge and store one in my freezer for all my bread and baking needs.', "I use instant yeast to make home made DIY CO2 for several of my planted aquariums.  In the past the mixture I made usually lasted about a week.It is now 19 days into the first batch of DIY CO2 that I  made with SAF instant yeast, and  the CO2 bubbles are still going strong.If the CO2 bubbles last another two days at this rate the CO2 production using SAF will have lasted three times longer than the last instant yeast that I used.This yeast is amazing.  If it's nearly as good at making bread as it is for making DIY CO2 I will be even more pleased.Highly recommended!", "If you hate proofing your yeast, this is for you!  You can skip that nasty little step and get on with your baking!  You might want to invest in a &#34;yeast measuring spoon&#34; to just reach in and get the exact amount of a dry package if you don't like precision measurements (since I believe a package is about 2 1/4 tsps).", "I realize I could have purchased it elsewhere for less price, but since it isn't available locally, and the shipping was free here as an &#34;add-on&#34;  I went with Amazon. I can tell the difference in my breads using this brand over the Fleishmans. It gives a constant even rise.  the best thing I like about this yeast is that I can use it straight from the freezer with same great results, which eliminates the waiting for &#34;room temperature&#34; state required by other yeasts I've used.", "You can't beat the price. Even if you're used to buying the small 4 oz. jars of Fleischmann's for less than $5, this is a whole Lb. for just $7.25! It does require proofing, so it's not a substitute for recipes that require &#34;Rapid Rise&#34; yeast, but it's fresh (I got a batch produced in 04/13 in 08/13) and it's got a two year shelf-life. I've used quite a bit of it so far and I haven't noticed any delay in rising time, or any difference in flavor from what I was using before. It's worth trying for sure.", "I don't know about you, but I have found most types of dried yeast to be temperamental. Sometimes, it just won't work (even though it hasn't expired and it's been stored properly and all that). This yeast, however, is as dependable as an old workhorse. Never needs proofing, just works!", 'I always tend to read the most negative reviews first, and work my way up to 5 stars (unless there are way too many reviews to read). In the past I have purchased bulk yeast. However this is the first time I have purchased instant yeast and the particles are much smaller. Because of the persons who said in their reviews that the yeast was dead-on-arrival, I proofed some of mine when it arrived. See [...] for a freshness test.________________________________________________________________________________________________________________These are some answers I received via email in response to some of my questions:"The SAF Instant yeast is the industrial version of the RED STAR ( [...] ) Quick Rise yeast that is sold in the grocery stores. Each packet of Quick Rise contains 2 1/4 teaspoons. For traditional baking, using the SAF Instant in place of the regular Active Dry Yeast, you would use the same amount/measure that your recipe calls for. Just keep in mind that the SAF Instant is a fast-acting yeast, so you will want to keep an eye on your dough as it may rise faster.""If you are using the yeast in a bread machine full cycle, use 1/2 teaspoon of yeast for each cup of flour in the recipe. This rule applies to both the SAF Instant and the Quick Rise yeast.""For longer than 2 -3 months, the yeast must be stored airtight and in the freezer.  In the refrigerator, it should be airtight and should last no more than 3 months." (NOTE: when I asked how long it would last in the freezer I received a "conditional" answer. I was told that it depended on how old it already was when the package was first opened, whether it was a deep freeze or a self-defrosting freezer, and on the air-tightness of the storage container. She said to stored it in zippered plastic bags with as much air expressed out as the bag is being sealed. However, I always do that and then store the plastic bag of yeast in a tightly closed glass jar. I have had frozen yeast last for 3 years +.)________________________________________________________________________________________________________________Some reviewers said there was no dating information on the package. The area on the back of the bag for dating information looks as though the information should be added in the space below where the production date, the expiration date, and the batch number headings are listed. However, it is not there, but printed on the heat sealed seam to the right of those headings, in small type that is not obvious. I received mine on 11/19/03. It was produced 4/03, expires 4/05, and there is also a production batch number (I do suggest saving the bag). The package says to refrigerate after opening. The bag is not a `resealable\' bag, so I filled a small glass jar and put it in the refrigerator.My husband has a family history of Diabetes, and he has been watching his starches for awhile, so I quit baking as I used to. However, now that he is taking medication for his blood sugar problem he is again eating more starches so at a minimum I will make pizza. I did use some of this yeast with Gold Medal Bread Flour (much cheaper than King Arthur when you are just doing basic yeast baked goods) to make Pizza on 11/21/2003 and the yeast worked very fast and very well.', "I have usedRed StarandFleischmann's Yeastand both good, but I've come to really prefer the LeSaffre yeast.I 'discovered' LeSaffre yeast while reading through bread recipes at the King Arthur website and the positive reviews there motivated me to get out of my rut and try something new.Since I had begun to bake all of my family's bread, I was okay with ordering a pound of yeast.  Given the price of the little packets, and even the little jars, it made sense to make the purchase because even if I ended up throwing some away, it would still be much cheaper to buy the yeast this way.The reason I like the LeSaffre yeast is that it gives me a better and more consistent rise-- and I use whole wheat flour.Definitely recommend.", 'I did research and read that SAF is about the best yeast in the world.  Well... I have found it works better with some recipes and not as well with others.  (Whole Wheat vs White, Home Milled Flour vs Store Bought).  This is also a large amount of yeast.  I am not sure if it is to be refrigerated or not... but I have chosen to vacuum seal it in a Mason Jar and store in fridge to try and keep it fresh for as long as possible.  In the future, I will stick with the other smaller jars I can get at the grocery store.', "I have used instant yeast for bread baking for years. I  see no difference in results from active dry yeast and I like not having to dissolve and proof it. This is a huge quantity and a bargain at $10. I keep it in the freezer and expect it to last for years.The only negative is the packaging.The vac pack is about impossible to open. I had to cut it and transfer to another container. But that's minor.", "As someone that bakes a LOT, for my own family and others, Saf has been a dependable yeast.If you use yeast, it is absolutely throwing money out of the window to buy the small packets.I've used yeast that has been frozen for over 3 years, and it is still active.I portion it into glass jars and always have a few in the freezer and one in the fridge.It lasts far beyond the expiration date  when frozen.For each packet of yeast called for in a recipe, use  2 1/4  teaspoons.", "Don't know why, and it hasn't kept me from baking bread, but yeast has never been my friend. Thought the problem was the &#34;mainstream brands,&#34; but I bought a case of Bob's Red Mill and didn't get ONE RISE out of it (their customer service department never responded to my questions and complaint, either; I poured every package into the compost).Today is the first day it won't be too hot to bake, so I opened the saf and started some bread. At first I thought I had another dud on my hands because after twenty minutes there were NO bubbles. But I could hear it crackling! So I added the flour, kneaded the dough for a few minutes, and put it in the oven to rise.OMG THIS YEAST IS FANTABULOUS!!! Checked on the first rise a few minutes ago and my jaw dropped. I have NEVER had bread rise this high before. This loaf is flour, alone; can't wait to see what happens when I add flax, herbs, etc., but would expect equally excellent results. SO happy to have saf in my arsenal and cupboard now, especially since Santa is bringing me a turbo convection oven which will allow me to bake bread all year long (standard ovens and the tropics are not a good year-'round pairing). No question but that I'll be buying more (and in larger quantities since it can be kept well in the freezer for years).", "It's yeast. Not sure what else one can say. I do keep it in the fridge in an airtight container, and take out what I need and let it come to room temp. Works great."]
ELECTRONICS
['This mount is just what I needed.  It is strong and sturdy.  It folds almost flat to enable the television to sit square and flat against the wall if desired and extends and rotates for angle turns.  A perfect fit as long as you match the correct visa pattern for your television.', "This mount works really well once you get it up and going.  Only problem is just the arms are a little goofy getting them all in the right spot.  But that's really not too big an issue considering all the different TV's and their mounting hole locations.", 'for the price you just cant beat this item. I bought it for a house I was selling so I could hang some tv and it worked great. Good quality for the price.', 'Took a bit of work, but used this to fit an older vizio 32&#34; monitor to the wall to use as a compute monitor. Stable and like the ability to move the tv to different angles. The vizio was older and did not have the standard holes, this product fit and holds the tv very stable.', 'I used this for my 47&#34; Samsung. Its fit/feel is great. Easy installation. Appears strong; although I personally spent way too much on the tv to risk leaving it fully outstretched with too little lag bolts for a long time! It is very convenient to be able to move it away from the wall however and I would feel very comfortable tilt or swiveling if needed. The movement is fluid and easily adjustable.I am very pleased with my purchase.', 'I am very glad for buying it.  It is heavy duty and good quality for the price.  It was very easy to install.', "this holds up my 55inch sony with ease. make sure u mount this with ur own lag screws into the heart of the 2x4 ur mounting to and u won't have any problem--u may have to make a modificatoin or two but use ur brain and figure it out-- it'll be there till the house falls!!!3inch lag screws is the way to go don't be cheap go buy em.---how much did u pay for the tv????", 'I bought this for a 22" TV for my son. I mounted this onto the corner stud and it works great! I love the angles it can achieve. Fees Very sturdy and well built. It works perfect for my application. Very happy with this purchase!', 'This mount is easy to install and very sturdy and is very functional and very affordable for the price. A+', 'Works like a charm! Lies flat on the wall when I want it too and pulls out and swivels like a charm when I need it too!The instructions call for it to be mounted into a stud in the wall, however mine is mounted directly into the drywall using heavy duty anchors and it works perfect as well! This is a great product for an amazing price!', "I hung this in my house with great ease and it held up my 8 year old son because I wasn't going to put the 55&#34; flat screen on it to find out that it failed. Fully extends out 2 feet. This was worth the money.", "I live in a studio condo and I needed something to rotate to see from my bed and my couch on the other side of the main room. Once you figure out which instructions to use (several varieties are included to accommodate different scenarios and tvs), they are pretty thorough. Don't be afraid to tighten specific &#34;joints&#34; and loosen others to get it how you want it.Originally had bought a different one, and be careful of this, but it didn't didn't have near the amount of swing as this one does.", 'Holds the TV fine and the articulation is great.  We use it in a downstairs bedroom where we can move it to be seen from the bed or the treadmill.  Has cable mgmt as well.', 'Just to know that the TV will sit off center of where the base is placed. Other than that it has held up and worked.', 'Needed a corner mounted Flatscreen. This did the job well, easy to install. I had to mount in a metal stud, so I used two support boards in the back to distribute the weight more evenly. Expectations of item met at a fraction of the cost from competitors.', "Only gave this four stars because it's only supporting a 32&#34; TV. I think I would be scared to mount a 55&#34; TV on it. If you sprang for a 50&#34; or bigger TV, spend a little more on a properly rated mount. As with any TV mount, make sure you're hitting wall studs with the main screws, don't just use anchors in drywall or you're asking for trouble. LOTS of hardware included in the kit, so mounting any style or brand of TV shouldn't be a problem.", "Nothing fancy, just decent quality and simple installation.  As may have been mentioned, one must discard the provided Phillips screws that the manufacturer provides to affix the bracket to the wall stud.  Use your own.  The TV I mounted with it is an older flat-panel, so it's a little heavier than the news ones.  This thing isn't fazed, and stays where I put it.", 'Amazing how easy it is to move my 46&#34; around on this mount and able to hang off one stud. Nice quality feel to metal it is made of.', 'Very sturdy. The arm is very stiff at first so you have to work it lose.  However, the mount works great, just make sure you get that stud just right. I was impressed with the quality and happy with the price.', "Bought the mount for my 30&#34; Dell U3011 monitor.  It fits the Dell quite well, and I bought it for it's reach from the wall, it's ability to manipulate, and it's weight capacity.  And in all those respects, I'm quite happy.However, there is a noticeable tilt/sag to the monitor when I have the arm extended.  I'm not so concerned with sag perpendicular to the wall, as that was expected, but the rotational sag that I sometimes get.", 'This is a rather good tv mount. This tv mount works exactly as expected and described. I would buy again.', 'I had to use a hacksaw to cut away part of this to hang my 24&#34; LED TV in my bedroom. Other than that, seems to work fine.', "I have a 42&#34; Hannspree LCD TV. It weighs 42.5 lbs. Most other reviews said they had a TV smaller than this so I was a little skeptical but got it because of the good price and it said it could hold 60 or so lbs. Most of my reservation was because it was the first time I've mounted a TV and worried it would fall within a week. I've had it over a month and its nice to have it be able to swing out, extend, and angle. I like the fact that I can get a bigger TV and still use this mount as its in my living room. It was not too hard to install. I bought a stud finder because I didn't have one and most everything else I already had to install it. I do highly recommend recruiting some help with the install, at least for when putting the TV on. This would be extremely hard by yourself, especially if you have a bigger TV. Overall, very happy with this mount.", "I have two of these now in different rooms. Works well with my Samsung TV'S  for the size noted above", "We got this one recently and its a great wall mount. The unit is pretty heavy, so you will need a helper. It also includes a variety of screws to mount also. Our TV documentation stated it was a 400x400 pattern. But after putting hte plate over the back, seems we didn't need the extra extenders as its 200x200. This is on a Samsung 40&#34; 5000 series LEDTV.The arm is hard to push and pull, but that is more due to being new and stiff. Make sure you adjust the tilt angle screws as our unit came with them loose so we had to tighten them.I initially was scared to mount it (what if it falls if I screw up!!!) but its pretty easy. Not only did i use a stud finder to get the general location of the stud, but i also used nails to get the actual edges (those basic studfinders are never &#34;exact&#34;). make sure you do the same.not bad for $30-ish", "this is a good product.  It went up easily.  I did it myself.  I wish I might have gotten one with a little more adjustment.  It's very rigid.", "For the price.....can't be beat.  I have two TV's hanging in the living room.  No issues, easy to hang.  I would recommend to a friend.", 'Works Great. Holds my 40 inch TV effortlessly. Very well built. Definitely worth the price. Easy to install TV to the mount. Has cord clips. TV can be tilted up or down and sideways. Extends from the wall 24 inches. I highly recommend this brand..', 'I have a 47&#34; TV and had no place to put it in my bed room. With this mount it use the space i had a poster hanging. Very easy to install, came with all hard ware.', 'Great Mount, so many areas of articulation. This was a great gift idea my mother loves it. I have purchased two of them and they are sturdy and give a touch of class to every room you put them in. A must have any video file or those who want to save space in a bedroom or office.', "This is perfect for what I needed it for. I can move the screen from side to side if I need to and I don't have the TV sitting on my desk.....", 'have not had the opportunity to install the tv mount as of yet - will follow up once mounted in place. great price and quick shipping', 'Why pay the $$$$ at Best Buy when you can get the same products for a fraction of the prices here.  The VideoSecu Long Arm TV Wall Mount Low Profile Full Motion works great.', "Pro's: Easy to setup.  Supports many different VESA formats. Has some articulation.  Sturdy construction.  Can be installed by one person w/o too much effort.Con's: Cable guides fall off easily.  The joints are a bit too stiff; you really have to man-handle it to get it fully extended, and you have to push fairly hard to get it to compact again.  So far I have not noticed any wear from this firm pulling/pushing, but I worry because it is only attached to the studs buy 2 bolts.", "I bought the uint for a 32 &#34; Tando.  I couldn't get the parts to line up so I bought another fixed type.", "I used this to hang my 40&#34; LCD that I bought back in 07, so it's a heavy TV that outweighs my new 50&#34;.  Everything seems to be made well, it was easy to install myself, and the TV has been hanging for 2 months now from a brick wall at it's full reach.  I can't imagine paying $100 for other TV wall mounts, as well as this one performs.", "Totally love this product!! I bought two - one for living room, one for bedroom.  I decided to try my hand in the bedroom first (in case I got frustrated and didn't finish the project).I've gotten items needing to be assembled before with all the hardware in one bag -- not so with this product!!  I'm impressed! Every nut, bolt, screw, washer, etc. is clearly packaged (individually by size and labeled!)The Arm also comes assembled -- which I disassembled for easier handling (the wall plate is attached to the Arm with two Carriage Bolts / easy to remove and makes holding in place while bolting to the wall a breeze).Took me 1-1/2 hours from start (gathering my tools) to finish (hanging the TV)  Oh, and I'm a 56 yr old disabled female.  I do have a  lot of construction/tool knowledge however.", 'Used this for the bedroom. Put it in the corner but was only able to hit the stud with a couple bolts.', 'you can spend a ton of money on one of these, or you can buy this one.  hung a 32 inch tv with it with no problems.', "This is a really well made and engineered product which should be twice the price. It has every kind of leveling and tilting adjustment you could want, and a nice finishing piece that goes over the wall plate and lag bolts.  The mounting process can't be rushed and planning everything out before you start makes all the difference. Just make sure you find the middle of a wall stud for the lag bolts.It easily managed a 47&#34; led lcd which weighs 35lbs, and it might take the extra 10-12 lbs of a 55&#34; led lcd if it's not pulled too far from the wall. Since it can swing out over 20&#34; I'd be carefull about going bigger than the 35lb 47&#34; tv that I mountedThe only thing which was dissappointing were the two plastic wire holders which are junk (very flimsy, one was broken in the package) and shouldn't be included when simple black wire ties work far better.", "My flat screem computer monitor is very light and didn't need such a heavy duty mount.  The product is fine and would work for monitors much larger and heavier than my 20&#34; LED", "This is exactly what I needed.  It was easy to mount and supports my 40 inch TV (26 lbs) without any issue.  I haven't tested the extension brackets, but the rest of the device is very solid.  I will say that the hinges can be a bit tight, and it's not designed to be easily adjustable on the fly (you'll need a few tools).  If you plan on swinging your TV around a lot, this might not be the best choice, but it works perfectly fine if you only need to adjust it every now and then.  My favorite part is the small base.  I didn't have a lot of wall space to mount a TV, and this met my needs without eating all my money.  Keep in mind that you'll want at least two people to mount the TV on this device.  I attached my TV alone by precariously balancing it on a stack of boxes while I inserted the screws.  Speaking of which, I've mounted two TVs on this, and the box included screws which fit both (in addition to many more).  However, you may need a few more washers.", 'I have purchased this mount twice now - one for my bedroom TV, and one for my living room TV.  The bedroom TV is a 35" LCD, and the TV in the living room is a 55" LED.  (Surprisingly enough, they both weigh 50 pounds...)  This mount works very well for both of them.  It\'s relatively simple to install - you just need to find a stud and screw the support in to it.  (I will admit that my bedroom TV has been attached not to a wall stud, but a jury-rigged support brace on a cabinet.  It\'s still there and attached after 6 months.)I will say that the joints in the arms are quite stiff - it can take a little muscle to move the TV.  But I think I prefer that - it certainly doesn\'t feel flimsy, and it stays wherever I put it.A tip for would-be purchasers: make sure your TV supports this mount.  You can usually find your compatible VESA patterns in your user\'s manual.  (Or a quick online search, perhaps.)  As I often say - when buying online, it pays to do your homework.', "This device is somewhat weak even for the 46 inch TV weighing only 31lbs that I'm using it with. after some adjusting it's working ok.", "Very easy to setup, simple instructions, has all the mounting hardware and fits a huge different variety of TV's with great support.", 'It needs improment. I wish it has one more hole to put a screw on the wall.It looks shaky for 55 inch TV. However, it still holds it.', "Very good materials, very lightweight,  cheaper than others brands. I have a 47&#34; LG Led tv and it fit at 100%, and I'm capable of sell my tv, buy an 55&#34; and use the same mount without problems.", 'Great functionality, really incredible price, and a snap to install.  Honestly, ridiculously good product - wish they were all so easy.', 'Excellent buy! We are very pleased with this item. It performs very well. The instructions were clear. It was easy to assemble. It holds a 47&#34; TV very well.', "Warning, Do your homework before ordering a tv wall mount!!Mom and dad bought a 32 inch Seiki TV and needed it angled on the wall for optimum viewing. That is where I the eldest son came into the picture(pun intended).I knew in advance the location had plywood backing behind the drywall, which meant this mount would be easy to install as wood screws would be secure anywhere on the wall. But what if it was a typical installation, would there be a stud in the wall centered where needed to hold the tv and mount securely? It seems unlikely most people would, so what are the options?Option #1. Buy a different mount with a mounting plate rather than small 2 hole bracket as on this model. If you don't know what I am talking about, look at other tv wall mounts and you will see on many of these a large wall plate that can easily cover an area with at least one stud, and addtionally allow drywall anchors elsewhere on the plate to handle the weight of any tv. This model has only a small wall bracket with holes for 2 screws or anchors.Option #2. Use wall anchors. Again, there are only 2 holes in this bracket so take into account the weight of the tv and the rating of the anchors. Proceed at your own risk.Option #3. Install a stud. You're on your own with this...The mount is well made, everything fits and it looks good but as mentioned, a little homework will save you time and make installation easy.I hope this review is useful. :-)", 'Too Heavy and Poor weld quality .Lot of blow holes in welding, though painting was made nice to cover it or else it was made with inefficient welder. I think this is is not well designed by experts. Hope no calculations are involved in making it. Just copied the shape forms some other manufacturer.', "JUST IN STALL ANOTHER SAMSUNG 55&#34; LED FLAT SCREEN. OUTSIDE A  PATIO DECK AREA WHAT A DIFFERENCE THIS UNIT MADE.THE MOUNTING KIT WAS VERY EASY TO USE. AGAIN I DID UPGRADED TO  USING LONGER HEAVIER MOUNTING BOLTS. THAT WAS ONLY $1.00 MORE BUT IT'S WORTH IT IN THE LONG RUN. HERE IN EARTHQUAKE COUNTRY YOU NEES THAT SUPPORT. YOUR FLATSCREEN TV RETRACTS A FEW INCHES OFF THE WALL PLUS IT WILL LOOK SWEET FROM 2&#34; TO 24&#34; FROM WALL AREA", 'Was a perfect fit for my 32&#34; flat screen TV.  I would recommend this wall mount for that size tv', 'Good wall mount. Sturdy and does what it is supposed to do. In fact, it even held a larger TV than what it was listed as capable of holding. I believe I mounted a 42&#34; television with this one. Not a flat-flat one either. I mounted an older heavy thick one.', "This is possibly one of the best mounting kits I've ever purchased. I like the fact that there are pieces so the mounting kit can cater to all models of TV. (Whether they have a rounded or flat back). Mine had a flat back so I didn't need the extra piece, but once that step was cleared it was only a matter of minutes before it went up on my wall.  The adjustable arm is nice, as it is setup in our bedroom. At night the TV is angled towards the bed and makes it super easy for both of us to see up on the wall, and during the day its turned in another direction towards my desk - also making the ability to view the TV while working.The material is very strong, hubby did a pull up on the bar and it didn't even budge.  This thing seems as though it will last quite a long time.  It's already been up for over a month and it was a wonderful addition to my master bedroom, I'll be purchasing more over time for the other rooms in the home with larger model TVs.", 'Exactly as described.Very heavy duty.Lots of parts to make any installation work.Excellent value.Fits various monitors and tvs.', "I bought three of these mounts for all the bedrooms in my house. I love all three of them. All mounts have different tv's on them, One is a 50&#34;, 40&#34; and a 32&#34;. Product comes with multiple screw for different tvs. Outstanding product for the price. All tv's have been mount for a little over a year. This product is a full motion mount for $29.99!! and it is Prime!", 'Got my TV mounted with this above my PC and its been on the wall for a year now. No problems with it holds the TV well and its study. Way cheaper than store bought and its perfect for what I got i got a 37 inch HDTV', "The product is good and as described.I have a 32&#34; Vizio TV and somehow, this wall mount seems to be a little too weak for my TV. I still managed to mount my TV just fine, but gets a little paranoid that it will give in within the next few months because the mount won't be able to carry it.But the full motion swing feature is amazing! Especially if you are in a larger room.", nan, "Good, strong mount and quality hardware. Includes all the different size screws required to attach to TV if yours doesn't have them (or if you lost them).  There is just the right amount of resistance in the joints for it to stay where you want it but still easy to move around.  I mounted a shelf above the TV to get the cable box out of the way and avoid having to run a long HDMI cable through the wall.I took a star only because I received a different unit than the one pictured, It has 2 thick arms, rather than the 2-1 that is shown.  Honestly I think what I got is more attractive, but I believe that Amazon vendors should not substitute different products without authorization.  My unit also did not come with the extender arms in the picture, it has a mounting plate with all of the VESA mounting holes in the correct configuration.  My TV is 26&#34; so it fit perfectly.  I am sure my 55&#34; would fit on it too, but I have a different mounting configuration for that one.", "I bought this tv swing arm mount for my tv from amazon.Its been a good one its built heavy duty to hold pretty big tv .I would have anyone of my friends buy this same mount for their tv. It lets you hang it up and out of the way and also you can turn it out or in adjustable to see it from anywhere I set in my living room. This unit is easy to mount on wall and put together by yourself but if you have an extra person around it would make it a little better when holding the tv up when it clips in at top then screw and tighten and adjustments and like everything else I've bought from amazon it ships fast right to your door step.", 'Easy to attach. Easy to adjust. Very Solid and secure. Used on a clients 29&#34; LED with built in DVD.', 'I have my 32 inch Tv on the wall and it works great. Easy to install and came with all the parts. The screws that it comes with for the TV will not fit but you can buy some for 2 dollars.', 'My students and I used to huddle around laptops to discuss projects. Now I have a 47&#34; TV for display and this mount makes it possible to put it on any wall and swivel it in any direction depending on how many people need to see the screen. Really stable, no wiggling', 'It is a good value, but is not top notch quality. If you extend both arms in the same direction, the TV (30 inch) tilts. However if the arm goes right, then left, the play in the hinges offset each other and it works great.', 'Very strong for any tv, but I wish that it was little longer I am very happy with it and very strongly recommended.', 'Easy install!! Looks great and works great for what we need!! Purchased for game room, took 5 min. to install and 1 min. to set TV on. Great!!', 'The mount works, but it is unrefined compared to other brands out there. Purchased because it was on sale. just ok.', 'I consider myself to be a good DIYer. I\'ve installed mounts for my 2 Samsung 46" and 55" LED TVs with no problems for 5 years. So, for this VideSecu mount, inspite of poor installation instructions, I carfeully measured all domensions to fit my new 32" Samsung LED SmartTV in a limited kitchen space. My mistake was, based on the diagrams, I assumed that the length of both the swinging arms of the mount (the single and the double arms) were of the same length. What a disaster! After installing the mount when I mounted the TV and folded the arms the TV did not center itself to the wall side of the mount! It was then that I noticed the inner length of the 2 arms is about 4" longer than the outer single arm. In other words once the arms on the mount were fully folded in towards the wall my TV was not centered in the limited space that I had and looked awful. I don\'t know why the manufacturer did not keep both arms the same length. At least they shd have mentioned it in the instructions.This to me is a major product defect. Luckily with Amazon I was able to return this mount but had to pay return S&H;.', 'Works great for a cheap mount. Worked great on a 32&#34; Emerson LCD tv. Does everything as advertised! Can tighten or loosen joints for easier movement.', 'We needed something to Extend our tv away from the hot pipe for the winter and this wall mount did the trick. It went up with no a problems. It worked out very well!', "its a little flimsy and not the easiest to put together, for the price it works.  But for the quality i'd go with Cheetah.", "We needed a wall mount for a 32&#8221; TV that was going to be in the screened in porch.  This was one of the brands recommended by the guy that was going to install out wall mount.  I can&#8217;t speak to the ease or difficulty of installation but it looks great and we can swivel it if necessary for best viewing angle.  It's also pretty sleek so it doesn't butt out too much.  It arrived quickly and it didn&#8217;t take the installer long but of course he was a professional.  Looks great!", 'It works for the tv I bought but I had to use some of my own washers for the screws.  I thought it would have everything.', 'I have mounted a 42 inch old LCD. Easy to install. Easy to swivel, there is tilt option but it has to be locked by nuts(it can not be changed without loosing the nuts).', 'Could offer a little more in flexibility of installation, but once in place the set can be placed in just the right position repeatedly.', 'The directions stink. Just remember the spacers go under the arms if you have to use them and you will be ok.', 'Good quality.  Must mount on a stud.  I mounted to a metal stud by cutting a rectangle hole in wall, adding a 2 ft 2x4 in the metal stud track, patched the hole and then put up the mount.  Holds a 37&#34; TV without a problem,even added a DVD player to the bottom of the TV and it is still on the wall after about 8 months.  Price on this item was great and it was sent with FREE FREIGHT!', 'I have a full 42&#34; HD flat screen mounted on this. Not only does everything look better than strapped to a table, but the adjustability makes this mount a pleasure to have.  It was simple to attach to the wall and has a small footprint, being a single stud wall mount.  The other major point of this mount is how many sized TV or monitors the mount can be adjusted to accept.  My TV mounts solidly and the mount itself is solid, yet adjusts with little effort.  This is just plainly a good and solid product that is well worth the money.', 'This product is user friendly and versatile.It is easy to install and comes with everything needed for installation.Adding bidding could drill and bit', 'it was so easy to install.  the instructions were simple and so was the process.  i was putting off the project for fear.  i should have hung the TV long ago.', 'works great was pretty easy to put up and does the trick. it is my sons room and really works great.', "Easy to install, and works great. Television moves with ease and always feels secure. Doesn't loosen over time like other television mounts.", "Fits many different size TV's,  is very solid, and was easy to install.  I would recommend to anyone is even slightly handy.", "When we first bought our bedroom tv, we looked at the mounts in the store and almost fell over from shock at the prices.  This is one of the best prices I have found on mounts.  This mount went up easy and moves in all directions to get the perfect viewing angle.  it comes with everything you need but the drill and tv!  You won't be disappointed with this brand.", "If I need to order another, this will be the one.  I used this to mount a TV to the wall in my basement and it allows me to pull the tv out from the wall and turn it towards my desk so I can watch TV while working on the PC, nearly a 90 degree angle.  My TV is only a 32&#34; and I could see that this would work up to a 40&#34; or so, but if you don't need to turn the TV 90 degrees, you could get by with a larger TV.", 'I was hesitant about mounting my larger flat screen (47&#34; LG) onto the wall - what happens if it falls off!  After looking at mounts at Target and Best Buy that were $100+, would this possibly work?Fast forward...  The mount took about 20 minutes to install (too longer to locate the studs than mount it).  The TV is on the wall and works wonderfully.  Very solid mount and good articulation.My only comments are the cord clips included are very weak.  I will be replacing them with black cable ties.  Also - they do need to have a second locking screw where you hang the TV on the articulating mount - I can wiggle my screen (tilt) by about 1/4&#34; since there is only a screw on the bottom.Overall, I liked the narrow wall mount and the 20&#34; extension.  Definitely would recommend for a TV that is 47&#34;.', "Easy to install, with extra hardware for installing your TV. However, my TV had a curved back, so I used the included spacers to space the bars on the back of the TV. I was skeptical of the two lag bolts attaching the bracket to the stud under the drywall, so I added two 5/16&#34; lags, under washers holding the inside edges of the mounting brackets.After installing the Swing Arm wall mount, I grabbed the end of the bracket, fully extended. The bracket didn't sag a bit. I concluded that the supplied two lag bolts would have been sufficient.I've swung my TV out and exercised the various angles available, and found the swing arm not giving a millimeter.I fully recommend this wall mount. I've a few other VideoSecu mounting brackets for wall mounted and floor stand speakers and one for an 80-inch Sharp TV. All are quality products.", 'Purchased for my sister to hang her TV on a wall and she and her boyfriend reported back to me that mount works great with the 42&#34; Vizio TV she got for Christmas and was up securely in no time.  I looked around in the retail stores and found that this mount was of similar quality at a much lower price.  What can I say, it does what it is supposed to do, was easy to setup, and is of good value.', 'This is mounted in a doorway between two rooms in my basement with a 40 inch TV attached to it.  I can move it to either room and still keep the doorway open plenty wide enough to pass through.  Perfect for my needs.', 'Sturdy and durable craftsmanship. Bought for my grandma in Mexico, had it installed and works great. Has awesome mobility to enjoy your television from countless angles in your room.', 'If you want a wall mount that is universal and can be moved in all directions this is the one to get.  My 42&#34; Samsung 3D tv mounted easily and the extensions were not required.  I mounted it to a stud and it seems to be very secure.  I am able to swing the tv to watch from my bed or from the lazyboy chair without a problem.', 'used it for vizio 42&#34; tv. easy to install. fit perfectly. what is there else to say? strongly recommend for everyone.', "my tv! Couldn't ask for more. Thanks. These reviews require too many words. I could have said what I meant in three.", "For the price it can't be beat.  The mount is strong and sturdy.  Two sets of hands are mandatory for mounting, three would be ideal.  Once up though, it's better than most of our friends mounts.  It has full articulation, and I can swing the arm out and angle it towards my kitchen.  This is highly important while cooking buffalo wings and trying to keep tabs on football games.", 'I am using this with a 40 inch Samsung smart tv.  The extended bars were not needed.  This is very easy to mount to a wall stud with just two bolts.  Many bolts are provided to fit with your television.  It is very sturdy and able to be positioned in many different ways.  Highly recommended.', 'Mounting a 42 inch LG TV weighing 33 poundsPROLess expensivePrevious purchase of VideoSecu productAppeared solid and strongHad tilt and various adjustmentsMount on single studCONSagging..this is amazing that it sags and does so at different angles based on how far the TV is pulled out from the wallTherefore one cannot keep the TV properly aligned because any movement changes the tilt or other angles.Mounting is a pain because the mounting bracket never comes apart from the articulation armCritical bolt attachment for the mount from the TV to the articulation arm does not get tight!  This is amazing. It is not stripped but it does will not stay tight even from the first use.  This makes the product unsafe.I am amazingly frustrated bordering on angry because of the time put into this and now holes in the wall.  I need to get a different one.  My prior experience was with a VideoSecu MW380B TV wall articulating mount, which is far superior for a larger TV.  I bought this other one because I wanted a tight fit to the wall.Can I send a bill for my time and work putting it up and taking it down?????', 'Now I have like four different kendels and I am such a Fan.  My darling Daughter n law requested this.  No way, says I.  Then I see these reconditioned ones with a warranty, cases n protective films, new chargers and 16 gb HD.  Had to get it or her.  Only cause she gave me the worlds best gran babies ...and I guess I love her like mad too.', "When B&N; designed this one, they were putting together a reading device that also happened to have some tablet features. As a result, what you get is pretty limited.It's a fairly sturdy device by feel, and not difficult to hold for a while and use. The quality of the screen is pretty good and it's not difficult to read for extended periods of time (so long as you're not out in the sun anyway, almost all LCD screens perform poorly there).Very little of the space on the device is available for sideloaded content by default, so you need to use microsd cards to add more if you want to do too much with that.You can sideload content from any source that uses Adobe DRM for epubs, and also epubs that don't have DRM at all. This means that getting ebooks from the library is pretty simple. You can install an Overdrive app and do it directly without going through a computer if your library uses overdrive.You can root it to get access to more apps. If you want to run a more pure version of Android, you can go for either putting together a Cyanogenmod card yourself or purchase one already made from Nook2Android.B&N; gives away a book and an app every Friday on their blog, so that's worth checking in on regularly.On the whole, this is an okay device for reading and can be a kind of nice semi-tablet to give to someone who normally tends to load their computers/tablets up with viruses by being carelessness. It's locked-down state works in your favor from that perspective.For more general tablet use, this is a pretty poor choice. Also, as of mid-2013 the later devices (Nook HD/HD+) have been radically marked down, so if you're going to buy one of these you should look to get it pretty cheap. Otherwise, it'd almost certainly make more sense to hold out for something more full-featured.", "this is such a great tablet. one time didn't work. acted weird really weird. needed to be cleaned. now I keep eyeglass cleaning clothes (disposable) for it. has worked like a charm since. hooks up to the computer without the shelves going away. book reading is great too. I use it for an ereader with games that I sometimes play, but mostly as an ereader. recommended.", 'Great product  works just as described have had no problems with it since I got it thanks for a great product', 'And what is it? Why it\'s an outdated B&N; Tablet! A friend of mine purchased this after seeing my 9in HD+ tablet, but wanted the smaller 7in version. It works fine for what it is, but it caused her much confusion as it did not seem "as nice" to her as my 9in concerning screen quality.And that\'s because this is not the NEW Nook HD with a 1440X900 screen resolution and upgraded hardware, firmware, and software which has been on sale everywhere since the B&N; Father\'s Day Sale was extended indefinitely. This is the OLD Nook color with a standard 1024X768 resolution screen and minus the upgraded hardware and OS.IOW this is the old model :)So if looking for that "new, on sale" tablet by B&N; like my friend was, well, this ain\'t it. She will be returning hers and getting what she wanted initially.As for this one it looks fine and works fine for what it was, but comes up short these days, period.', 'The nook tablet is great.I have used it to check e-mail,browse and look at books,and also transferred one from my p.c.I like the way it will sync with the direction its rotated,and I love the touch screen.Thanks Amazon!', 'the nook color is a great tablet. it sometimes is very slow but it is still a good tablet. i have dropped it a few times and it is still okay.', "For the price this is a great tablet. It lacks a camera, GPS, and bluetooth, but that still leaves a lot, between web browsing and running lots of Android apps. Barnes and Noble did cripple these with limited software through their store but I did get around that by rooting mine.That said, I was sort of surprised to see this pop up as something recommended by Amazon today. The newer version is faster, has a higher resolution screen, is lighter despite same screen size, and has bluetooth. (Still no camera or GPS). B&N; also is now allowing access to the Google Play Store. It is available on the newer version but I don't know if they updated the software for this one to allow access. I suspect they didn't but this would be something to check on if considering purchasing.If you want a tablet for web browsing, checking email, ebooks, video, and many other apps and this is as much as you want to spend, then it isn't a bad deal. I would recommend paying more for the newer version--the Nook HD. (They also make a version with a larger screen, the HD+)Also note that there are third party programs available which will allow you to boot a rooted Android system off of an SD card. This will give more options but I found the original Nook Tablet to be sluggish running off such a card--possibly because I also went to Jelly Bean and this might have been too much for the older tablet. I wound up going back to running the rooted software directly off the tablet (but rooting is more work than inserting a card). The HD works well off a rooted Jelly Bean card.", "Just picked up a refurbished Nook Tablet from newegg's website and its amazing. Only has a 1024 x 600 pixel screen but from a foot away you can't tell the different between this and a device with 1200 x 800 pixels or more. Reading is a pleasure. I've had all the Kindles and all the Nooks and for the best overall reading experience the Nook is better.Why? The Nook devices feel great to hold. The plastics are soft, all the buttons are in good places, and recharging takes no time at all. Also, the software layout and navigation is easy and logical. Next, the font choices, sizes, and other personalizations are all useful. And finally, no freaking ads. You can personalize your home screen and on the Nook Touch you can select your own photos for the screen saver.What's my problem then with Kindle? Couple things. The ads of course. Also, I personally don't care for the software. You are stuck in their software with no way to personalize it. Boring! Also, the buttons are in bad places so you can accidentally shut the device off. On the lower priced Kindles the font choices are fewer and the smaller size choices are useless unless you use a magnifying glass. And the devices aren't as nice to hold. At least on the Fires they took the idea from Nook on making the backs have a soft plastic.I'm pretty sure that anyone who takes the time to try both Nook and Kindle will like the Nook better. As reading devices go they just make more sense. As far as a full fledged tablet goes you'll have to look to Apple or Samsung in my opinion. Matter of fact I am writing this review on my iPad and shortly I will go back to reading on my Nook Tablet.", 'my wife was tired of dragging books around she loves the covienence of the tablet and can make the text larger', "Rooted, and cyanogenmod installed, works awesome.  The Nook Tablet has a bit more memory than the original Nook Color, so that's why I got this one.", 'Great Product, Great Sale, I love this Product, and my children will too I cant wait til Christmas to Give them their present.', 'The Nook HD was designed to be a book reader, although it also is a great way to watch videos on Netflix, or listen to Pandora Radio, or to your favorite music. I added a 32gb memory card so that I can have thousands of my favorite songs with me when I travel.The Nook HD has a screen with the best resolution and the least glare and reflection of any color e-reader.  It is the only color e-reader that comes close to the reading experience of an e-ink reader.Barnes & Noble has lots of children\'s books that take advantage of the Nook\'s color and audio features.  I bought a Christmas story that can read out loud in English or Spanish, and on each page something would be moving...snow falling, or the moon moving across the sky.The Nook is VERY light, which makes it easy to read for hours, and you don\'t mind having your Nook with you 24/7 in your purse or "man purse" (I use a small laptop bag).The Barnes & Noble selection of e-books is huge, and includes 90% of best sellers.  Each day, there is a "Book of the Day" for $2 or $3...many of them best-sellers or classic books.', 'I\'ve owned an Ipad 2, an original Kindle Fire, and first generation 3g dual screen Nook. I decided it was time to upgrade my original Nook and went with this tablet. I purchased mine direct from B&N. This is a fantastic ereader with a few tablet functions. I really like the interface on this ereader more so than the Kindle Fire. Don\'t get me wrong, the Kindle Fire is a very nice device, but I like the personal touch I can give the Nook HD. It\'s more customizable.I can create my own wallpaper and customize my home screen. The ereader is very light and easy to hold with a contoured, grippy back. The screen resolution is fantastic! Even small print is readable. The colors in magazines is exceptional and the scrapbook feature is an innovative touch. I really appreciate having a physical home button, and external volume rockers & power button. The interface is very user friendly and aesthetically pleasing. Setting up email was a snap and customizing my security settings from lock screen passwords to shopping passwords is much appreciated. Web browsing is very zippy on this device. More zippy than the Kindle Fire. Ereading is also a pleasure, with customizable fonts & backgrounds. I was surprised at how well I was able to read on it outside in the shade. It still has a lot of glare, but it is much more readable than the Ipad or the Kindle Fire.I can\'t see the Ipad or Kindle Fire screen at all outside with all the glare. Nook HD is NOT as readable as an eink screen, so I will be keeping my original Nook of 3 years for outdoor reading. But for a tablet ereader, I was really surprised at how well it did outside in the shade. I have since given my husband the Ipad 2, as I like the 7" form factor of the ereader/tablet devices. I take them with me everywhere. If you were to ask me which I liked better, the Kindle Fire or the Nook HD...well...I wouldn\'t be able to choose. Amazon has a larger store for books, apps, movies etc....but I like B&N\'s Nook HD for it\'s interface, superb screen and customizable home screen. It also has expandable memory, and you can sideload epub books. I also like the look of the Nook HD better. It would come down to personal preference and which store you have the most investment with. All in all, the Nook HD is a great device that hasn\'t gotten the attention it deserves, and is worth serious consideration.', "not so happy with it. I have had my Nook HD for approximately 7 months. During that time, I have ordered 60 books, of which I have read 50. Those read were placed in created Shelf A or Shelf C, depending on whether I liked it or not. Everything was working fine until they did a recent update and then it was like a tornado was let in. Locked up my Nook until I downloaded the update and then found all my shelves gone and books missing from my library. Called BN-shelves gone and will have to create again plus move read books back into and missing books from library have to be downloaded again. One book was not found and after an hour on the phone, BN said the publisher stopped making it available for the Nook (is available for the Kindle) and will issue a refund. Fortunately I kept the email confirmations of all books I ordered so I could give them the order number.Customer service is lacking at BN. I had to make multiple calls until I was finally put in touch with someone who could solve the problem of the missing book.One other thing-update seems to have changed screen brightness as before I could read it out by the pool and now I no longer can.In fairness, I will also mention that I have a Kindle paperwhite and an update wiped out my created collections, but didn't lose any books and can still read it out by the pool.Both have Wi-Fi and that may be an inherent problem with updating through it as far as shelves/collections go.", "It has everything you need in a tablet, except it doesn't have a camera, 3G or GPS, personally I don't need them. But guess what... It is built in microphone.. That is good, I like to sing.O.k. this tablet has a good touch response, you can touch even the smallest links, the screen is extremely crisp and beautiful 900X1440 pixel the highest resolution in the 7 inch tablets!... I was amazed at how beautiful google maps is displayed, I loved it. It has a dual-core 1.3 ghz processor and 1 Gb of Ram, it is quick and very responsive but don't abuse, it is only a tablet.I decided to get this tablet instead of the Asus Nexus 7 because it is lighter, it only weights 11 Oz, this is a good factor if you are planning to use it for long periods of time. I use it for reading colored magazines and illustrative books. Besides it is easy to grip.The battery last about 11 hours if you use it only for reading, and about 7 hrs if you watch videos or use it in wi-fi mode.The new software updates give you access to google Play. It couldn't be easier. You don't deal with any annoying promos and the charger and wire is included.", 'Bought a 16 GB one at my local B&N; store, on sale at $119. Fantastic! It is totally Android, hooked right into the Googleplex... like Google Maps, and the Google Play apps store... where, you guessed it, I immediately downloaded the free \'must-have\' Amazon Kindle app, perfect! (I might buy the B&N; tablet, but books? Amazon all the way). And free Acrobat Reader, which will still enlarge any vector line art in a PDF to 6400%, just like on a PC/Mac. Note -- Flash and video embedded in a PDF do not play on the Nook, or, to my knowledge, on any other tablet, or on Macs.Let\'s see. Photos (originals are 1800 x 1200) shown from my Smugmug site are razor-sharp in perfect color on the 7" Nook screen. I\'m an amateur photographer, and it\'s a joy to see my images displayed absolutely correctly.Other stuff -- it has a microSD card slot so you can bring in your own pix, docs, PDFs, etc. Will buy a microSD card for it tomorrow. As an aside, there\'s a company called N2acards that sells a microSD card pre-loaded with the Android operating system... but, with the Nook HD \'in bed\' with Google, I\'m not sure what I\'m missing by just sticking with the Nook\'s built-in system.Anyway, I\'m VERY happy with this product. If it blows up, I can take it back to my local B&N; store and get another. And it has a feature where it backs up all your content on Google servers.Lastly, was able to connect it to my Yahoo e-mail account immediately. It also has Facebook and Twitter, but I turned them off as I\'m fairly anti-social.', 'I bought the hd first and am completely in love with it. A very handy size and very responsive. Bought the hd+ for use when size is not a factor. Love both. Added 64 gig scandisk to both. Only real issue is that I run ubuntu, no windows/mac, so had to cobble my desktop and laptop to ba able to download to nook. Can set video downloads to default to sd card. Very happy. Thinking about buying one more of each if the price goes even lower, for backups in case of loss or damage.', "I bought the Nook primarily for reading but wanted the HD for email and web browsing also. I was pleasantly surprised at the exceptional screen quality and ease of setup.I did not want to spend the money for an IPAD and now I am glad I didn't as I prefer the Nook interface for reading. The screen brightness can be changed anytime during reading but on the IPAD you have to go into settings after exiting the book you are reading. The only downside is there are not as many apps written for the Nook. I am hoping that will change.", "With all the tablets and apps out we don't really need EReaders anymore.  I am not exactly sure why I wanted a e reader.  I mean,  I have a iPod, iPad, Kindle, Regular Nook,  iPad Mini,  iPhone, Blackberry Playbook.I decided to sell my Kindle Fire and my previous Color nook tablet and upgrade to the snow nook HD and its beautiful,  it also has google apps on here now so we can get a lot of android apps, including the AHEM// Kindle app.I like the nook friends and borrowing books options as well as how clean the OS is.", nan, 'If you are looking for a very light and compact device to read your books, check your e-mail and watch movies, you really can\'t beat the Nook HD. It has the highest screen resolution for its form factor (7") and is a pleasure to read and write with. Netflix & Hulu+ are magical to view since the resolution is so high and it\'s so darn light. Being able to expand the memory with a micro SD card is just another plus. All-in-all, I\'m very pleased with it an would recommend it highly!', "Why pay to be restricted, I simply didn't see the benefit with all of the other tablets out there having apps that perform exactly the same tasks. Just decided to go a cheaper route and I am so glad I did.Maybe I would consider the Nook again if it is expanded beyond a e-reader.", "It is too bad that the Nook HD hasn't received more kudos. To be honest, I knew it had a great screen, a fast proce fast processor, great battery life, and oh so light and easy to handle. But, I did wait for a means for rooting the Nook HD to become available. Now the tablet lives up to all its potential. Rooting is quite easy and it is a great tablet", "This is a really nice item. With the way I use it, the battery life lasts for several days of reading and browsing the web. Magazines on this screen are amazing, I especially like reading Time because of the outstanding photography they do. Books look great, and the selection of games on the Barnes and Noble store is alright. A little annoying paying again for games I already bought on my phone, but that's not so bad.Further, you really don't need to pay again for games if you install a custom ROM on an SD card. You can either purchase one premade (google for N2A for more info) or you can burn your own if you google a little more and spend the afternoon trying different things. It's not scary at all, especially since you're only doing stuff on the SD card not the tablet itself. If you want to undo it, just take the card out! Anyway, the custom ROM just gets you stock android, and that opens this great device up to the full android market of games and apps. You can still read all your Barnes and Noble stuff on the B&N; android app. I read my Wired subscription that way, as well as some books. Anyway, I think this device and the ROM on the SD card is the best of B&N; and android.Anyway, I'd compare this with the Google Nexus 7. The nook has a slightly higher resolution screen, which is kinda neat especially for magazines. No front facing camera on the nook, but my phone already is great for video chat so I don't miss it. Also, the custom ROM I put on my SD card is android 4.2, whereas google says the Nexus is android 4.1...maybe they'll get an update soon I don't know. So, either way, you probably can't lose.EDIT: Barnes and Noble opened up the stock software to be able to use almost all of the apps in the google play store. So, I don't use my custom ROM at all, because of the better battery life and just overall fit and finish of the Barnes and Noble stock software. It's a great tablet!", "I've had the Nook e-reader for less than 18 months. It's been ailing for at least 12 of those months. At first, it wouldn't start up for no apparent reason. I'd get crazy messages and images on the screen, but no access to function. I went online to see if other buyers had the same problems and possibly solutions. They did. Lots of complaints and a few helpful suggestions. The things I had to try were a nuisance but they worked when I was persistent. I learned to fuss around and get the thing started. Then the charger started failing. I'd have to position it a certain way and weight it down when it was attached to the NOOK. That worked for awhile. After awhile, it seemed clear that something was wrong with the connection so I bought a Nook-compatible charger from Amazon. Good news. It worked. Bad news. It worked for only a week. I called Nook Customer Service. They said I really needed a Barnes & Noble brand charger. So I laid out another $15 or so. That charger worked for about 3 days.Now the EEG for my Nook has flat-lined. No web advice and no Customer Service advice helps. However, in my last conversation with B&N;, they told me to take it into a B&N; bookstore and have them look at the device. This will be my last ditch effort. If further measures require an investment of more than 10 cents, I'll tell them to pitch it in recycle.I wouldn't have hung in nearly as long if it hadn't been for a NOOK game I'm addicted to and can get nowhere else. Time for online-game-rehab, I guess. I will never buy another Nook. As my kids would say, it's a P**** Of S***.Barbara Cox", "I have never been a big fan of reading until I purchased the nook.  I have trouble putting it down.  I'm either playing games or reading.  Absolutely love it.", 'it constantly acts up.  i try to use it for my textbooks but when i try to turn the page it glitches and zooms in.  the touch screen randomly clicks things by itself, also doesnt allow returns.  would not recommend', 'Got this for my sons 15th birthday he loves it a great gift for anyone great price and it came fast love amazon', "Purchased for my son's school A/R Reading Program as a prize for his school.  This is the third one purchased, at the A/R program's leaders' request.  The look on their face when the one, who wins, finds out what they get!  Totally amazement!  Would purchase again!", 'I gave it to my granddaugter for christmas with a gift certificate. My daughter says she loves it & it helps her improve on her reading skills.', "I bought this item for my wife for Christmas. I didn't know what to expect since this wasn't what she actually wanted. But I knew what she needed as she is a book worm and has magazines n books strayed everywhere. She also has no intent on getting rid of them no time soon. Needless to say it had to grow on her (she wasn't too thrilled at first). Now that thing is everywhere and I don't haveto live with magazines everywhere taking up space.  Afterward I bought an hd+. We've been more than happy with our decision.", 'exactly what my daughter wanted.  she is more than tickled with this reader.  She will use it for hours and hours', 'Ordered the e Reader for Christmas last year. As of today, my daughter is using it and loving it. She says, no regret she loves it.', 'I purchased for my wife as a gift and she loves it. Product met all of her needs and  she loves being able to just select a book and download it without any hassle. Battery lasts a good amount of time and I can now sleep at night without a flashlight beaming in my face on accident!', 'I already had two of these in the household, but my son has been asking for his own since the first day I got mine. I am very pleased with the Nook Color as it does a wide range of functions. I have been able to do my university homework and write papers on mine, in addition to reading ebooks, .pdfs, and watching videos. My daughter reads, listens to music, and watches videos. My son will be making use of reading books for his age group and reading level, and watching instructional videos.', 'I loved the nook. I eventually bought an ipad and gave this to my nephew, he still loves and uses it everyday.', "Product shipped quickly, and arrived slightly ahead of schedule, even from the other side of out country.The stated storage capacity is rather misleading. It says 2gb, but half of that seems reserved for the system, and most of what's left is reserved for B&N;'s ebooks. That leaves about 250mb for the rest of your library.Fortunately, a 4gb microSD card cost me a measly $5. Even better, memory card integration is seamless.Amazon's got a great price, too. $10 cheaper than anyone else. Ironic, considering the Nook is their direct competitor.One thing to take into consideration is that the page numbers are synced with the actual pages of the ebook, regardless of font size or line spacing, so you can turn through page 85 two or three times before getting to page 86. It's a little weird, but not a major issue.I got my paws on one of these things in the store, and I'm still surprised at how light and small it is.The last consideration (not really an issue, but an odd choice on their part) is the lack of a file manager on the device. You have to plug the Nook into a computer to delete files. However, it's irrelevant, since all of my ebooks are on the memory card, and I bought a USB adapter for that very reason.All in all, this is a fantastic product, and I am very pleased with it.", 'the reason ill take a eInk reader over a kindle eInk reader,  is because the nook has expandable memory (up to 32GB). when you get to the fire and nook color/tab its a different story. the simple touch is light weight and the battery life is amazing. if you just need an eReader with out browsing the web this is perfect. feels great in the hand, the screen size is just right and loading books are very easy. although if you can afford a simple touch with glow i would say get that one for the light.the only thing you have to get use to is the screen being a little jumpy when you switch from one thing to another. i believe its because of the eInk style.', 'We have only been using the product for a couple of weeks now, but it is working great.  My wife and my daughter both love it and find it very easy to use.', "Unboxed the Nook. Charged it up. Won't connect to my Wifi network when three laptops in my house will. And it won't work at all until you register it. Posts on the Internet say its a complex technical issue. I'm calling the B&N; tech people. If they can't fix it fast then this thing is going back. I didn't sign up for hours of struggling with Nook's technical problems. I have better things to do.Update: Customer service didn't help. Took it to Barnes & Nooble Store but the battery had drained in less then a week so they couldn't look at it. I figured if the battery can't hold a charge for that long than I didn't want the device. The seller agreed to take it back for a restocking fee and I had to pay for shipping. This thing cost me time and money, a bad experience all  around. I'll never buy a B & N product again, certainly not from a third party seller.  I've ordered a Sony reader directly from Sony. Hopefully I'll have better luck", 'We bought one of these for my mother-in-law hoping to get her a piece of technology that would be enjoyable for her to use. It has been nothing but a pain. Her main thing she uses it for is reading books from the library. This requires a process that involves going through hoops, a computer, and an Adobe ID and software. Having experience with an Amazon Kindle (the very basic one) and iPads with library books, this was an absolute pain and I feel bad for my in-laws. What should be a two-five step process is way more complex and requires special software on the computer to transfer the ebook to the nook. There have been several occasions where my father-in-law (who is ok with technology) has called up and spent hours on the phone with my husband trying to figure out how to get a book onto the nook.I would not recommend this unless you plan to purchase only from the Nook itself. Otherwise, it is nothing but frustrating.', "Great product, easy to use and set up--after comparing pros and cons this was the one for me. I especially liked that I could download books from my community library and other sites. I wasn't tied just to a brand name download. Shipped quickly too.", 'Satisfied with this purchase. The Nook was brand new in an open box. Works like a gem. Very happy customer!', "I bought this to replace a Sony PRS-300 that I thought was too heavy and too slow in the page turning.  Yes, the nook is quicker on the page turning and lighter but I am having too much trouble to appreciate faster and lighter.  I am having an infinite amount of trouble getting library books onto the nook - I've yet to succeed and the problems lie with adobe digital editions.  Why aren't nooks plug and play?  That's my first big problem.  I have no problem with my Sony and the library book I wanted is now on my Sony.  The second is that I like to read while I'm eating my lunch - ereader in left hand and fork in right.  It is not easy to change the page on the nook while eating - the bottom right corner is too far from my thumb and the bottom buttons are too high up the side.  The Sony has a set of buttons right in the bottom center, which is perfect placement.  I read the great reviews on the nook and for the price, I thought it was worth a try.  I'm also disappointed with the wifi registration requirement and wifi in general.  I don't need wifi on my ereader but it looks like they're all offering it now.  I also don't appreciate my registration info being used by B&N; as permission to start emailing me crap - I am already unsubscribed from that 'service'.  I'm definitely not happy with the nook and I'm going to save up my money to buy another Sony.**UPDATE 5/25/13**  I finally was able to download library books onto my nook but it was frustrating and time consuming; I finally found help online.  I have yet to discover a way to comfortably hold this book in my left hand and turn the page.  This was a very bad buy for me.  I bought a book-style cover for it and that was a waste of money as well as I find the cover just gets in the way.  I did not know how good I had it with the Sony PRS-300 and will continue to use my Sony instead of the nook.  I don't recommend the nook at all.", 'very very good value for this reader, and I am grateful for the quick exchange they made when the first unit developed a problem right away.  They immediately sent a replacement.  Immediately.', "Wife bought this for her elderly mother - but she couldn't quite get the hang of using it (tech challenged)... My wife has been using it instead and seems to like it pretty well... All is good :)", 'I have gone thru a lot of reviews of this eBook before ordering it, mainly due to its long battery life.Within a week, it got shipped home (excellent seller).However, the product itself is far from being a good eBook Reader.I have had two: one Kindle eBook reader (with keyboard) and one 10.2" Android tablet that I used as a reader mainly.The Nook is cumbersome:THE BADS:1) the first thing it ask for is to read some kind of agreement, then click ACCEPT !!! (like I am installing a new software !!!)2) the second thing is to setup for a WIFI access, I have troubled to enter the password for my home wireless so it sits there for one day. Can\'t do anything until WIFI access is established.THE GOODS3) I went to a local B&N; store to get instant WIFI access which I did,THE BAD4) then create an account, enter my credit card number (why do I need to do this at this time). Should only ask when I first order something from B&N.;THE GOOD:5) now I can copy my eBook in PDF formats to it, this part is straightforward.THE BAD:6) I opened one of my PDF doc and it came up with a huge font size7) try to touch the screen to get to a menu allowing me to change font size, the menu appears, then quickly disappears. I was very frustated trying to get the menu display to stay there8) it took me a few mins before I can get the menu to be stable, then change to a smaller size. The text now reads fine. But the "next page" , "previous page" buttons are too hard to push, it takes a hard push to get it to work.9) I close the document and try to open another one, it won\'t open10) try to re-open the first one, not open eitherFrom this point on, it simply refused to open any document I have on it.11) I even convert one PDF to epub format (specifically target the Nook)  and load on it, does not open either. And the epub size is much larger than PDF size (i.e. I will have a lot less books on it).To me, this eBook is useless, so I am going to return it back today.And this is not due to (or lack of) my high tech proficiency (I develop firmware for "firwmare operated" gadgets by trade , really know how to use these "Software/firmware" operated gadgets quite well, have at least 5 GADGETS with very complicated functionalities at home, all of them require patient readings thru their thick manuals to operate / setup to my liking, no problem at all).I have written quite a lot of product reviews on Amazon, most of the gave good rating because these products are good.I feel really frustrated with this one, the first bad review I wrote.My older two eBook readers work right of the box. Just copy the documents to it and open to read them.I will NEVER buy these kinds of eBook readers anymore, not even the new Kindle as I heard they will show ads on the screen and the Kindle Fire will just immediately buy stuff from Amazon if I accidently click on some place, IT DOES NOT even show a confirmation screen (too greedy to make money) !!! I don\'t buy something to read these ads. Amazon and B & N are too greedy trying to push stuff on the users as they feel like, at the users expense.I will try to get a new Android tablet instead (for reading, and Internet browsing). Rather spend a few hundreds bugs to get a good product than a cheap one that does not work.Many users were lucky to get the ones that work (touch scree sensitivity seems to be the key here), I was not and don\'t want to try my luck with it again.', "I previously owned a Kindle and loved it, but it kept breaking.  I finally gave up in frustration after having it replaced 3 times in the first year.I bought the Nook Simple Touch to replace it, and am very satisfied with my purchase.To be honest, the Kindle is brighter and easier to read in less-than-perfect light.  However the Nook excels in nearly every other way.1) Nook is sturdily reliable.  I have had no failures with it whatsoever, although I carry it everywhere and use it daily.  I do have it in a protective case, but I had my Kindle in a protective case and it kept breaking anyway.  POINT:  NOOK.2) Nook Simple touch is smaller and lighter than the equivalent Kindle e-reader.  Nevertheless, screen-size is ample.3) Nook is responsive and seems faster at turning pages than Kindle.4) Books download in a blink and are immediately available.  This too seems faster than with my Kindle.5) There are some things I could do with my Kindle that I can't do with my Nook Simple Touch, but I don't miss those things.  I needed a simple e-reader that just plain works and Nook Simple Touch satisfies that need in a very inexpensive way WITHOUT ADS.  POINT: NOOK.Generally, if you are shopping for an inexpensive, simple e-reader, I strongly urge you to buy the Nook, and not the Kindle.  I have tried both, and prefer the Nook.", "Bought this as a gift for my husband.  He didn't think he would use an e-reader.  The Nook is so easy to set up and use.  I have one too and we both read with them all the time.", 'It seems to be a limited device, but it has potential  I think a good price it new should be about $55.00. I have one as a backup to my kindle P.W there are two pros ,the SD card slot and it can be rooted, but rooting affects battery life and its not stable when rooted. Very very limited web browser no Facebook or anything useful, the browser on the the paperwhite is much better. It is a pretty well made device.It is a ok back up to my kindle paperwhite.', "We have the old Nook reader, which we love. We purchased this Nook at target for the same price as Barnes and Noble and Amazon.This Nook is smaller, which is nice. It has a built in light, which is really nice. And, it is touch screen, which is awesome!The only flaw I see thus far is that you can't resize the letters. Apparently the letters are a standard size, I assume because of the size of the screen? Anyway, I would like to make them smaller so that I can read more before turning the page. However, that is a minor issue and does not deter me from enjoying the new Nook tremendously.", "While it doesn't have a light and its screen has been far surpassed by other readers throughout the years. However since it uses android you can easily root it and install apps that allows you to read Kindle books and pretty much anything else your heart desires. Even can play Angry Birds if you really wanted to.", 'My screen stopped working a week out of warranty.  Apparently, this is a common issue with the Nook Simple Touch.  Customer service told me that Barnes & Noble is aware of this issue but they do not plan to repair or replace anything.  This is not the way to treat customers.  I am canceling all my pre-orders and I will try a different ereader.', 'This is an update from my initial review.This Barnes & Noble Nook Simple Touch was advertised by BlueProton at Amazon as having been marked down from $249.99 to $68.99, so it certainly seemed like a great deal. It now seems like fraudulent advertising because I\'ve since read that the MSRP is $79.99Initially I had serious problems with the Nook, and requested a refund. The seller, BlueProton, refused to take returns or give a refund for it, and directed me to Barnes & Noble who referred me back to the seller, stating  that the seller should refund it within 14 days; at that time  I\'d only had it a few days. My Amazon A to Z claim ended with Amazon siding with the seller, BlueProton because their policy stated that they would not accept returns on Nooks - something I did not see when I initially read their policy!Because neither BlueProton nor Barnes & Noble would take responsibility for the defective product, and their attitude was "Take the money and run!", I\'m giving the Nook a low review although later I found an update for the Nook which resolved the problems - with no help or information from either seller or Barnes & Noble!I now enjoy using the Nook which is so much easier and more comfortable to hold than regular books while reading,  and to carry back & forth to work each day or to travel with. I don\'t like the gray screen which requires you to face the Nook towards the light; and I don\'t like the glare on the screen from the sun or lights. I have to sit "just so" to read it - which somewhat defeats the idea of portability. Overall I do like it, but it needs improvement.My favorite use of the Nook is to borrow my local library\'s digital books using the free Overdrive Media Console software which allows you to select & save your library (ies) and to directly access the digital library from it on your PC, and then sideload (drag & drop)the borrowed books to your Nook; no more time wasted or trips through rush hour traffic to browse, borrow or return books downtown, and no more parking hassles! Most of my library\'s digital books are in ePub format which is the native format of the Nook. However, as other reviewers have stated, you can still borrow or buy Kindle or other formats of digital books and convert them to ePub via the free Calibre software. Borrowed library books can be returned automatically when the loan periods expire, or can be returned manually earlier if you decide not to finish the book during the loan period.Ordinarily I don\'t buy many fiction books because I rarely read any of them more than once. Additionally, due to the poor customer service from both Amazon (who owns Kindle) and Barnes & Noble (who owns Nook) I am determined to rarely buy any books from either of these companies, and will primarily download either their free books or the library\'s loan books. The companies want us to buy their ebooks, but won\'t take responsibility for their e-readers, so that infuriates me and alienates me for life.The pros: the low price; comfort; convenience; savings from being able to borrow library books instead of buying something you\'ll only read once; no clutter of physical books; easy loaning to friends with a guarantee that they will be returned in 14 days (automatic returns); ability to read multiple formats via conversion in free Calibre software. The Nook can also read your PDF files/documents from your PC or elsewhere, plus it can use your JPEG files of photos to use as your custom screensavers; the Nook will convert them to B&W.;The cons: PlueProton\'s and Barnes & Nobles\'s total lack of responsibility for their defective Nooks - why I gave the Nook such a low rating; Amazon\'s siding with Blue Proton\'s irresponsible returns policy; dreary gray screen which makes it difficult to read except in bright lighting; touch screen not as sensitive and responsive as it should be - often have to touch the screen a few times before getting a response.Over all I\'m pleased with my Nook Simple Touch now that I managed to FIX IT BY MYSELF, but the companies\' irresponsible policies have soured me towards them for life.', 'Ordered for a freind. As far as I know, his daughter is happy with it. I guess you could call him.', "I've used the Nook Touch and the Kindle Touch/Kindle Paperwhite extensively and the Nook is the best. Why? I'm convinced that if anyone prefers the Kindle its because they've never tried the Nook. Or they have friends that used Kindle and don't want to venture out on their own.First the Nook feels better. It has a soft plastic outside with a curved back that makes holding the device quite pleasant. It has just enough area around the screen that you can hold easily without mistakenly turning pages. And the side page turn buttons are deep enough you won't turn pages by accident. Some might not like it because you have to push pretty hard, but that's by design.Second the platform is user friendly and great to navigate.Third the font choices are better and you get several more to choose from. Plus the size options all make sense. For instance on the Kindle the couple smallest font sizes are so small I can't see why anyone would use them and to me it's a waste.Fourth the buttons are all well placed.Fifth there are no ads and you can even upload your own pictures.Go try one today. I'm fairly confident you'll love it.....unless you don't.", "At first I was torn between the Nook Simple Touch and the Kindle Paperwhite. I chose the Nook because of price and the absence of ads while reading a book. I had though that the Nook did not have a good dictionary function, but learned otherwise after it's purchase. All one needs to define a word from the dictionary is to place their finger on the word for two seconds and then chose the Look Up option on the bottom menu displayed on the left.Sharp resolution, useful utilities, convenient scrolling functions both off on the side of and on the screen. Lightweight, durable and well designed. Essay to download free books (I suggest Project Gutenberg). For downloading free books from on line sites or from the library, you will need to download Adobe Digital Edition 2 software which is free.I suggest that you purchase additional memory. Barnes and Noble only allocates 1/4 of a GIG out of 2GIG for your personal library from non Barnes and Noble books. One gig for software to run the Nook and 3/4 for books purchased from Barnes. The best buy for external memory is 8 GIG. I also suggest that your purchase one CaseCrown leather Regal flip case sold through Amazon; they are high quality for a reasonable price.", "In my opinion, the Nook Simple Touch is the best e-reader on the market because... well... it's simple. No distractions of email or social media, it lets me immerse myself in a book and I love it!", "Readability in Sunlight is super even when the sun is directly hitting the screen; can't be beat! The blacks are great and the contrasting white whites really helps these old eyes of mine! I like the Android operation too.", 'If you only want to read, this is fine. The newer models access the web, have apps, play games, do email and color. This model is only print and only black and white.', "I love reading, and in a lot of cases I found myself leaving a book at home because I didn't want to carry any heavy things. This is great! I put in a small 512MB card and now it holds ~50 books! I gave it 4 stars only because the dictionary function isn't very good. I think it has a literal copy of a dictionary, which means it doesn't explain the word fully but still doesn't allow you to search for the meaning of a work in the translation window...", 'Great Product Great Sale, I just Love this product, and my children will too I want one for myself this is suppose to be their christmas gift but I want one now.', "It's a fine tablet.  The screen is excellent.  The speakers are very good.  The interface is a little clunky but easy to use.  It does just what I want it to do and it does it well.", "I couldn't have asked for a better product! I upgraded from the Nook Color to the HD and I am super happy!!!", 'I had given my kids a Nook Color a couple years ago. Sold it last fall and got 1 girl a Kindle Fire 2nd gen, and the other a Lenovo A2107. The Lenovo was absolutely horrid so I wanted to replace it. This summer, when the Nook HD got Google Play, and the prices fell, I sold the Lenovo and got my daughter the Nook HD 16gb Snow. She absolutely loves it! I liked it so much, I got the Nook HD 8gb for myself. I like it much better than my Kindle Fire HD. The size is smaller, and thinner, and lighter, which are great things. And you can put whatever wallpaper you want on it, unlike the Fire HD.I sold the 2nd gen Kindle Fire and gave the other daughter the Fire HD, but she has since switched to a Nook also (HD+). So now I have the Fire HD and the Nook HD for myself. I like the Nook HD better for the reasons stated above. Size and weight are so much smaller on the Nook HD. The screen resolution is also better. There is nothing I don\'t like about the Nook HD. I did put a GreatShield Glare Screen protector on the Nooks, to reduce the shiny glare. We use them without cases, just sleeves. They are phenomenal tablets.If you or the person you are buying for loves to play games and will likely download hundreds of them, definitely get the 16gb Nook HD. You will want as much space for apps as you can afford, despite the SD card slot. Games have to be installed to internal memory, for the most part. The SD card slot comes in handy for books, movies, photos and music. I got the 8 gb Nook HD for myself, because I don\'t play games, the only apps I need are for reading, playing music, news, web, stuff like that. I put my files on the SD card and I am set!I don\'t plan to buy the new Fires when they come out.  They are far too limited, in my opinion. (So was the Nook, of course, until they added Google Play). I have ADW Launcher on all three of the Nooks, though my daughters tend to prefer the standard Nook launcher. What shows up on that home page can be customized to show only what you want it to show. There is also an "app drawer" icon that shows the most recently opened apps for easy launching. It really is a great design, and far superior to the tiresome carousel on the Kindle Fires.', "Bought it for my wife to use primarily as a reader but also to occasionally access the net and read email when not at her computer.  She absolutely loves it.  It's the perfect product for her.  The reader portion is excellent.  The web graphics are vivid and colorful.  It has great functionality for such a small machine and last but not least, the price is right.", 'Brand loyalty aside, the NOOK HD AND the Kindle FIRE HD are both great products. I have a Barnes & Noble store about one mile away. I called with some typical learning curve operating questions and was treated with courtesy and competence. my After my poor effort to explain the issues on the phone, the local B & N NOOK expert offered to come IN PERSON to help me. Took about 15 minutes.Try that with Amazon! LOLNow with Google Play. An exceptional product with exceptional people backing it up.', 'Very good product for those with a Nook book collection. Works well with apps. All google play apps are available except for those requiring a camera.  I brought two units for my children and there are lots of apps and books for them. The Nook HD will read certain books allowed. My two units ended up being defective and kept crashing. Was able to return both with no problems.', 'When I learned the modifications Barnes & Noble made to its Nooks and saw the price drop, I decided to get one formy very active 6 year-old grandson. He loves it. Despite him being a rough & tumble outdoor boy, it has held up wellfor a few months now. I attribute this partly to solid quality build and partly to the Nook HD 7&#34; being so thin & lightweight.I recommend this tablet, especially for children, a much better buy than those heavier, more expensive & slower tabletssold for children.', "I got one of these for Christmas, and I LOVE it! At first I wasn't all that fond of it because the only way to purchase apps and such was to use the nook store, but recently they had an update that added all sorts of Google apps, including Google Playstore. It has great graphics compared to previous nook tablets. It is great to read with, but the books are a little pricey.Now that it has Google Playstore and great graphics, I can't think of a reason for somebody NOT to get it!", 'I recently bought the nook HD white for 129 greenbacks from BN. I had originally purchased a Kindle Fire HD. The Nook is lighter and the screen is brighter/sharper than the Kindle Fire. With the recent update to allow the full version of Google Play, a lot of the original limitations with the Nook have gone away. The chrome browser beats Silk all the way. You can actually download the Kindle App from the Google appstore and read all the books. However, you cannot install the amazon appstore and I had to buy some of the apps from Google play that I had originally purchased. There are no ads with the nook. Even with the Fathers day sale (which put the Kindle no-ad version at 195), this is cheaper by 65 bucks. An additional benefit is you can add an external SD card and there are options to boot a full blown standard Android Jellybean from the SD card with the nook from places like (AFN - android for nook for just 10 bucks).The two main downsides are that it lacks a front facing camera, but I really have no use for that and the parental controls are not that easy to set as in the Kindle (you can create a child profile and make sure that the password has to be entered, but I have not fully figured it out).I liked it so much that I bought a second nook in smoke color today.', "Pay close attention.  I would be very cautious about swallowing a few of the &#34;most helpful favorable reviews&#34;.  Pay attention to that quoted phrase.  I strongly suspect many are paid reviewers or actually employees or someone connected with the addons for the Nook.  Just a &#34;heads up&#34;.  Amazon loves to put the &#34;favorable&#34; insiders up front because the bottom line is sales and what leaves your wallet into theirs is the driver.My Nook is okay for the $79 at my local computer store that wanted to get rid of them.  Its not a bargain at the prices we see here.  If you're serious about a tablet then save up for a good one if you can.  If not, it should work for you.Most folks are putting out honest reviews, some whine artists, some scammers, some who just need to talk to someone.  We can't do much about that, but we can comb through and pick out what we might be able to trust.", 'Am tired of non-standard charging cables...  I like micro USB and the majority of hand held electronic devices use micro USB now.  Why is the NOOK HD using a non standard 30 Pin charging cable?  We returned the NOOK to Barnes and Noble!', "I cant say enough good things about this tablet i love it. First off the screen is beautiful.Its vivid and the colors are great.The best for the price no doubt. Its even nicer than the nexus 7 screen.Tablet performance is good for a dual core tabletand the gpu is a good one sgx540 same as some of the ipads so games run pretty well.weight ergonomics and screen size are just right.The quality of this tablet is excellent. It also has Bluetooth which Manny tablets don't have in this price range.Personally i love the Ui Barnes and noble put on this table its nice. And now with Google play you have a gazillion apps to choose from.Battery life is also pretty good and WiFi works well.The tablet has 2 speakers and there decent pretty loud which is nice.I got mine on sale for 100.00 is worth every penny. I guess the only minor thing i found was it gets a little warm at times but that's typical of Manny tablets and phones."
